 As before, and oh, I don't know if you've written some stuff on, I can just about how to do this. But in general, I think it's important to be clear about the terminology we use when we're talking about account contracts, because like when we're using ZK, Amelto authorize account actions, we're not actually strictly requiring signatures or doing any signing. We're having users generate a proof of email. We're talking about ZK email and account contract integrations, basically. Regesh was just thinking about like signing keys, plus ZK email, and basically authorizing actions. But yeah, what we do in account contracts that use ZK email is basically in the authorization function of an account contract, you just in the authorization logic, you say this, when a user wants to send a transaction from this account, they need to provide a proof that they have access to an email that's related to this domain name and owner. So we're not actually, like a completely abstracts away private keys and public keys and any sort of signing or anything, you're literally just generating a proof that's authorizing an action. So I think that helps like distinguish, you can build things that, like basically have transaction signing layer and then ZK email grants permission for somebody to sign a transaction, but I think that just adds a layer of complexity and like an unnecessary layer in some degree, because if you're requiring, like if you have a third party managing a private key for someone no longer a non-pastody wallet, but then if a user needs to use, months to use ZK email and any capacity, they still need to generate the proof, like the user experience, like you're right, like it takes longer time, it's more work on a user device to generate a proof of an email than it is to create a digital signature, but like that's the price that you pay for using non-pastody old ZK email. Like having private keys and public keys behind the scenes doesn't necessarily improve this unless you want to do some sort of custodial ZK email thing where somebody can like generate a proof of email to like log in, which I don't know if that gives you any benefits, but I think all I have some opinions on this too. Yeah, ZK log in is probably maybe a better alternative. What is the ZK login? What does it use any of this link? I've seen it, I think I've seen the interface and I've used it so it uses, I've seen like there are three or four options to login to your account or create your account. I can see it here, I can see it here. Yes, right now the one. Okay, got it. Other options can be done. Okay, nice. I see, I look at this here. I also gave the presentation about ZK login. Just to know if they will be published somewhere. Was that it, Narcan? So I was given a talk about ZK login with Lauren Cooling. Okay, yeah, I know all of the content of Nguarcon was recorded. Like it's live stream was posted on Twitter, but like the audio is quite bad, but we have like raw footage as well. I think you just need some like post processing to clean it up and like segmented out. Because I think it's just like a six hour recording on Twitter right now, so I'm not super consumable. But yeah, we have all the content. I don't know, they're like distribution and release plans, but yeah, it's we have. Is it linked to the YouTube videos of Nguarcon? I mean, just to send us a this and all the other videos. It's on Twitter. I tried watching it, but like there's this high level buzzing going on throughout the whole thing. It's really annoying. So like I didn't even watch it. Yeah, James is just posted a link. So if you want to like try to. Yeah, you can probably run it through a filter yourself quickly or. Or just wait. Yeah. Yeah, but yeah, this I heard the content was was awesome. James was there too. So sure, he can comment. But thanks for that, yes. Yeah, it was a super looks interesting. Yeah, cool. So yeah, I know a number of folks who ends up meeting. We started talking about this. But yeah, no formal agenda for today. So we're doing open floor. We don't have a huge room. So I think folks can raise hands and. If you have questions or even just. Unmute and jump in. But yeah, if you have any questions, feel free to. Also one thing that I'd be curious to hear about like James. I don't know. If you have any high level takeaways from. Newark on and Deb Con. Yeah, just being entirely. Yeah, no reason. Right. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, sure. I think. Yeah, so I actually didn't get. Didn't get. I'm. I'm myself. But definitely. I've had a lot of good things about it. Yeah, I'll try to follow up on some recordings. In terms of death, I've called me had a lot of people interested. I think is more and more people. Realizing how close we are. I'm starting to. Yeah, wanting to get into building a war just continuing to build and just learning more about it. The. Yeah, I guess some of I guess the takeaway you like that I got just the high level was more about. People are looking for specific things to build. So I'm not sure if that's the case for people here if something will already have their projects. Or is it that people are sort of doubling and wanting to build on something. And I think like wanting to build. You know, find things that are. Yeah, that they might want to build. So I think we're going to try a part of. After sort of settled. Set of back. With better sort of try to identify some of those tasks that people might want to take on. So just trying to. I guess cut up more. Small meaningful tasks from. From what's possible as examples places for people to start. In terms of death, kind of more generally. I don't know I've been to a few I just want to say it's much of the same or but it's just getting clearer with the messaging around else. Who's I think was with for me a bit of an interesting one. But yeah, otherwise is more general points. I'd I guess there's always a continued of privacy people as well. But yeah, I guess I don't have any things as much as. But yeah, regarding more and as take us just. Yeah, more people wanting to get involved stop building. Nice. It's a good side. Yeah, I heard a lot of people were asking. The privacy narrative is seems to be picking up steam, which is. Yeah, people are aware of people care. Which is important. Yeah. So it's like this is just a small technical detail. I just more like in a file and today that. Yeah, the use of my library's inastic is. It's a little really quite transferable in the if you've got a noile library. You can just use an aspect. But then I know that the some specific cases where if the library uses recursion. Then that might that is a problem at the moment, but that's getting more of comfort. Yeah, I was just knowing that some caveats to. To. Very specific cases of noile libraries inastic, but yeah, because generally I do recommend people to start with pure noir if they're not really sure what they're building and then they can. Do something with up today. If they wanted to and then deploy on us taking the future. But as a stands is just getting closer and closer. So yeah, this this sort of. Yeah, if someone's brand new then learning more anyway is the language for us to make sense and then they can just practice on us take towards test and the main net launch was. But then. Yeah. Yeah, I'm not sure. My main point that I just to say that yeah. Yeah, it's just some some most libraries work directly inastic that was some caveats on specific use cases. Actually I haven't seen many projects that are using recursion. That limit. I mean, there's a few like power. Builders like I think the escape passport was exploring it. But exactly, I'm not sure where lies under the hood on which library said maybe it was just that one that they were looking at then and it's not a common thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, maybe folding in some cases is better than recursion only. Not exactly sure. Yeah, quite only. I posted this question just called. How you be liable through seas? Who could it? I haven't looked at it yet, but we can look at it right now. Yeah. It's a hard product. Public to private flow. Yeah, so the. The like transparent notes in the in the token contract disappeared. Yeah, there's no like secret hash that's passed in public and then the secret passed in private. Yeah, the new flow is using. Partial notes. So the idea is someone can commit to a value privately and then there's like a it was just pulled up the token contract. We see we were having some issues with. Our docs being updated. Because our builder was timing out. So I don't know if we have. The latest version of the book. Sorry for scol. I looked at the books five hours ago. They were a lot of data. Yeah, there's still not updated. We can look at the source code though. Yeah, I think this question is kind of. Our data for me because Sean explained. How it was. It might be it will be useful to get. Peace. Drawing that we show me and also taking the books as well. Do you have that like that the. I've heard John's been doing some great explanations of how this stuff. I don't have the. I can just ask him. Okay. Well, actually, so. Okay, this I've point. I'm not sure. I was starting to look into. More details on how to use this. Let's actually look at. Oh, because the token contract tests are all now written in. New art itself. So I don't even know if we have to end. Talking contract tests that do this. Let me see. Sorry. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm looking in the monastery for right now. In the tests. To see if we have. And to end types. Good tests for the token contract. But I know a lot of them were moved. To be written in the art itself. Let's see. Transfer to private. So you're looking to do the case where. I was like. I think. Just think about the case where you would need to compute the hiding point in JavaScript. So you need to compute the hiding point in JavaScript. Then I save it in the database. And later. Somebody else can. Complete. Finalize there. Transfer to that hiding point. Okay. Is there a reason why the initiator wouldn't just complete it themselves? I think like the default transfer to private flow. Let me share my screen. The thing is. It's growing. The thing is the standard shouldn't see the address of the receiver. Oh, because you're transferring from public to a different private account. Just. Okay. Let's look forward to transfer. Yeah, the default transfer to private. Takes a recipient account, right? So that means the sender would know who's receiving it. So. So. Is it called. Prepare private balance increase? Do you remember the name of the method for. Initiating the. If you're moving from public to private, but it doesn't take recipient. I don't think the reason. What do you mean? Like in your use case where someone is transferring from public to private, but they don't know who is actually going to. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's in the question. Finalized transfer to private. Okay. Okay. Yes, okay. So. Hiding point slot. Isn't input. So this is what like the recipient would start with right the recipient would initiate this. Um. Yeah, so recipient calls. I'll increase right which. Which returns. High influence slot. And then we spin can give the sender this high influence slot. Right. See that this needs to be okay. So let's see if this is. Thank you. Thank you. I mean, it doesn't look or something like this. Let me put. Amit the hiding point slot. Yeah. It can be read from those. Yeah, I could work. Or just computer. And then. Also, is there a reason why. The return value of functions. That's a clue to the receipt. I'm not sure. Because I mean, this is how. The. The element. So it just return. The hiding point slot. Like a. Like the return value of any function. Part of the receipt. So receive. Don't return value. Yeah, I'm not sure. Let me make a note of this and just ask. Yep. Reason. For not. I'm just thinking out loud, but maybe part of it is like it's not always needed. So like including it all the time might increase. Base costs for all transactions or something. But I'm not sure. It's. It's off. When. When you when the sequence of validator. The. Sanset transaction. They have this rich value anyway. They just discovered. Yeah, right. Um. Um. Um. Yeah. So it looks like the flow that yours. We we aren't testing the flow that you are. Um. Interested in in type script. So yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if we don't have. A JavaScript function for computing the hiding point slot. But it sounds like that would be useful. Um, or getting the return value. Um, in the transaction. Something something something like that. Yeah, we just need access to it. Um, or like another way would be a meeting in a event. But it seems like it would be better to just be able to compute it in JavaScript because a meeting in a event is going to cost. It's going to increase the cost of the transaction. Um. Yeah, you. You call freely. You're. The team. Just. Okay. Um. We're actually. We're. No, actually maybe you can. Yeah, I think you can do it off. Yeah, let's see. Oh, my. Not. I'll probably come. It's. It requires. An unchanged transaction. So so. So so maybe a meeting at an event is the. Yeah, the. Right. I see all the options. You're a meter as a land, which is. Or is it to do what costs. Or you change the protocol to return value. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. Yeah. That was a good question. Yeah. I'm not sure either. Oh, yeah. If you finish the discussion. Yeah. Uh, with fix of the box. Yeah, I raised this internally and. Basically, it's not designed to work with folks outside the org is what I heard. But like. What's the thing? It's probably difficult to do and that it's a low priority. Um, just given like a lot of the engineering teams just focus on getting to test that. So I'm just going to be work that. Um, me my. I got a short. I got short work on it. But it has a. Food. I did. You what. Uh, I got shown for. Oh, Sean was working on it. Yeah. If he has a reply. Yes, but these will still do feel worse. Okay. Nice. Um. Yeah. I just reset to one of the PMs and basically like. It's not a. It's not a priority and it's. Um. A lot of folks are stressed pretty thin. So and. If you got trying to work on it and he has bandwidth like that's awesome. Yeah. Sometimes it's hard. But I'll fix this to play with the weights. I think. Just pretty low. Yeah. We're getting more resources on fixing these. We're going to get a. Uh, but we're going to get a. So we have the react box with webpack. Um, in our CI right now for making sure that stuff's working. Uh, why is it going to add what? Why is it webpack? I'm a tweet. Uh, because probably because of the issues that you were seeing and it was what was working. Um, I'm not sure exactly the. How it was developed and like wide certain tools were used. Um, but it was. It's working or was working. Um, so yeah, but we want to add support for this as well. So we're going to try to get the bite box working. Um, and whatever issues are surface will get engineering resources to actually get a functional. So, um, yeah, we're going to serve. All the Katie more resources to this. So yeah, if you should get these. So that works for you. So make it spoken with you. Okay. Awesome. Good to know. Um, is the. That box. Just important for you for setting up your environment or like. Um, what's what's critical because I actually have been using it. So that's like a concrete. You can't. You can't just run them a monorepo without it. So the order's wrong, young project, which is. It's for time street. I need to compile. Or be. And lower repository. Mm-hmm. And all of the. All of the. The contract as well. Yep. It's like basically the whole. The whole monorepo. If I can get the artifacts from somewhere else. Okay. So they are published and. Um, apparently have you have you been able to run. In the in the root of the monorepo. If you run. Uh, bootstrap. The trap script fast. So like. Yeah. So if I run on my cat or we look just like. Cloning the repository. I get these two chain. So when I make a completely compatible with. It's okay. Whether the errors. Because like. When I. I'm not using the last. If I. Something like see make improposal. Then I'm in. So correct. See my get seal. And then I just. I'm utility. This installed. Like all this. Yep. If there is this creep that I can run to install everything. means it would probably sold the phone. I don't think we have a script. Like when I set up my new machine, I definitely had to spend some time getting the the tool chain thing sorted out. It didn't take too long. It was like less than an hour, I'd say. But like then bootstrap fast work. So I'm using bootstrap fast on my machine. I'm not using the box or anything. Definitely happy to help you sort out the tool chain airs and get bootstrap fast working. I'm not sure what's required for getting the dev box working. Like I don't know if you're talking to Sean about it. Maybe that's a faster route. I'm not sure, but yeah, I think all of these all these artifacts that like compile the cryptography libraries compiled the wire contracts are available on like there's like published in AWS somewhere and then bootstrap fast just pull them so you don't need to rebuild them all locally. And then once it gets all of that and it builds the type script stuff. So yeah, I mean definitely appreciate it. Yeah, it was broken at some point because previously I was able to run that works like a few months ago. Okay. Yeah, I have virtually no experience with it. So I'm not exactly sure what the problem is. Were you running this on get hub code spaces or were you running it on your local machine? Oh, called spaces. Okay. Yeah, I've been running into some issues on code spaces recently, even just with like the Aztecs start to repo. Like even just running some basic updates scripts. It's like failing for some reason. I have no idea why it's like super helpful. So it might be worth trying to get it working locally too. But yeah, definitely happy to help debug this. And be great to get your support on the on the by box. Yeah, I'll try if you say it's on the one hour. I can probably try it. Then I'll get them works. Yeah, and I remember like I'm running Linux machines and I there's definitely some difficulty with like sea laying and getting the right version and then making sure that like the system default was pointing to the specific version. Yeah, this where I do. I was I was just I was chatting with Claudia. I about it and it definitely helped smooth it over. But yeah, this the setup. It's a one time thing. And once you get a dial, like bootstrap fast should just work. And if it doesn't like I mean, we made bootstrap. We made these artifacts like so anybody can use it, but yeah, you're just not going to. Oh, also, you know, if any of the team uses macOS throughout or is it all your sports Linux. A lot of folks have Macs. Yeah, but do they wrong as like packages or looks like doing local development. Yeah, I'm asking should I try it on my machine or should I rent Linux on? I'd say try it on. Try it on your machine. Most, you know, just most of Nick. I'll just because I anecdotally in the office some engineers have Max as well. So yeah, some mix of Max and Linux. I think a lot of folks working on as like packages on a daily basis. We have just like a WS supercomputer mainframe that all the engineers just like remote into and do a lot of the development there. And it just has like tons of processing power. So they may be running on Mac. But I think a lot of their development work is actually running on the Linux machine. I would imagine some folks have tried it locally, but I'm not sure. I can't say for sure. Okay, I'll not forget to turn Linux. Okay, let me know what Sean says about the the the container that box if you're back from them. Okay. Sure. Cool. Thanks, Alway. Anyone else have anything? We like to bring up. Share anything they've been working on. So we do have a DevNet network. Our engineering teams making pretty good progress towards public TestNet. We're going to start with a permission one before we make it fully public and permissionless. But we're also working on a DevNet. That was testing yesterday and it is. It was working. But before we share it more widely and like give people access can be gated at first for sure. But it's we're like cherry picking specific build images from Docker. So it's like not a great experience getting all these versions to match and then running commands that are using specific images. So we're going to release relatively soon that includes like just tags everything with the DevNet tags. So then we can just do like version DevNet as a backup and then we'll have all the right images. And we can just connect the DevNet there. So we do have plans in the short term to get DevNet back up and then we can start playing with this again. And like we will need another release to make all the stuff work with the NPM packages because The NPM packages currently don't match any of the images that this DevNet was working on but. Yeah, that should be back relatively soon. Which will be good. Well, yeah. Good. And this is the sort of like the original upcode for BTS. I sent you the gems. Let me check. The last message. Can also go to missing silent for the missing looks of it. I've seen that before let me search some messages. So it's on the latest one is still fixed. Is it supposed to be fixed or is it still. I'm going to. Let me check. There's a thread with similar errors. And I think it's like sinking to war and. Related to war into as a packages. All surface this. In the thread and see if it's if it's related. And if it should be fixed because I'm not sure. I was under the impression based on the conversation that like the. The new war changes that made it into a sick packages. And I assume that was before the. 63.1 release. I will follow up in that thread. Let you know. Okay. Thanks for following it. I have a question. A basic one on. T s bindings for account contracts. And the one that I have looked so first spend some time looking at so far has been this. Welcome back to it in. Any particular application that. the, you know, your custom account contracts better handling of private keys than, which is there any example that you can point to that I can look at for that? I'm not sure if we do, honestly. I'm just thinking about how this basically, how our test work and how the level of the protocol we're developing compares to what we, how we imagine it working in like, these private keys and handling of the sensitive information will essentially be delegated to a wallet. I'm not sure how the Aztec wallet is currently handling private keys. I actually might be good to check. It would be fine the related section of the monorepo. I haven't looked at this code. I don't think this wallet is using the hard code. It's not the key. Basically, this is essentially a function that's going to be handled by wallets in the future. We have a number of external teams that are working on wallets currently, but I don't think any of them have shared their code or like, I don't know. Yeah, the wallets aren't like publicly available necessarily yet, so they're not done. So, I'm just search this. Looks like. I've been using the CLL. It's great to interact with the sandbox, so that's a cool resource. Yeah, CLL wallet is helpful and it's originally made to be kind of like a reference. Implementation. So that's why I'm thinking it might be good. Like a reference implementation for how wallets can actually function. But yeah, I think basically what the CLL wallet does is like you handle your private key. As an environment variable or like the wallet itself isn't handling the private key, so you just provide it as an input when you're calling a function when required or like adding the account to. So, you know, the CLL wallet. So, yeah, but like account contracts and like aren't handling keys or just verifying proofs. The wallet is likely often designed in a way where a lot of the software isn't handling a private key, but it's like. Yeah, the private key is going to be in some secure key store and then the wallets asking for signatures or something. When when required. Anything else folks have questions about. I have a very like fundamental might be like stupid question. When when you use those any. So, you know, interact with smart contracts as a contract calling private function. The GKP or like creating note is kind of thing will happen in the usual local device, right? And then it doesn't go to the network. The things that goes to network is only the proof. But hey, right? Yeah, the real data doesn't go to the network. That's just how us can keep things private. It depends on the correctly. But then if you use a change device, doesn't mean that the data will be gone. So, yeah, what what a user sense of the network is part of a transaction. Is the full proof because that's needed to basically verify the correctness of their computation. And then there's there's public inputs, which are just like which call public inputs because that's. The public information that needs to be shared. And the public inputs include like the note hashes. So it's not the notes themselves. It's like hashes of the notes. So that's how it's privacy preserving because it's essentially making a commitment to some note data. So there's note hashes that are sent. So when someone sees like. The transaction going to the network. There's no hashes included and there's the note hashes do not reveal any information about. The contents of the notes. But they're deterministically derived from the contents of the notes. And then if any notes are deleted, then the course finding nullifiers are also sent to the network. And then the function and same with the nullifiers is like nullifiers are essentially commitments to. Removing some data basically just invalidates some specific note hashes and nullifiers and note hashes like nullifiers are deterministically derived from notes. But they're not directly linked to the note hashes unless you have some of the secret information that a user needs to generate these these things. So there's when a nullifier is emitted, you actually have no idea which no hash is invalidating in the note hashtree. So. Yeah, that's basically most of the information. There's some other public in possible like those are the main pieces that. I think it's actually need to be aware of like what's being sent to the network. It's part of a private transaction. There's also like in cute public calls so there's any public execution. Like all of the necessary information for that public execution is sent along with the private transaction. So like the contract between the interacted with any inputs to that function. Things like that. I think here to follow up question that I'm not recall. Yeah, so like just my question was basically if you're like. Like. No, I'm a new device. Yeah, and you guys were like for example, I used to do some private function through my mobile phone. Then later I tried to access the same service through my MacBook, my computer. So they are already two different device. Okay, so for like. I tell you, or probably, you know, you're mostly interacting with your. Meta mask wallet, right? So I wonder if there's some kind of. Connected some like things that making connection between different devices. I wonder if it's possible on the last time. So it's. It's possible. So the way that this would work. Without any additional. In infrastructure services would be each device essentially needs to sing. The state of Aztec. From the beginning. And get all the notes and rebuild state. Given the specific use account. So let's say you're you have your MacBook. Your sending transaction. You're interacting with us. Oh no, you said it if we can't, but if I say anybody will do that if you want to get this phone for example, and a phone And with the same soy code, you attribute your settings. It means you didn't use that place for the time being Data bar, since they're using your phone. through the remote service or something, but like that could reveal information about what's included in that database, maybe you could encrypt it or something to make it private. So the third party wouldn't be able to see anything, but like that would be a service that would need to be built that doesn't exist. But what the phone can do is basically you share the secret, like the decryption keys and the signing keys if relevant for the account. Send that from your MacBook to your phone, and then your phone would have to sync the state of Aztec and rebuild the local database from basically reading all of the events and all of the updates that are on chain. So it would require a resync basically. And in theory, like this is how it could work on a theorem, like if you're running in a theorem node and you start a new node, you need to re-sync everything. The way that we get around this with my Damascus is in doing any node services. Like it's just delegating all calls to like inferior or another remote node service provider. So like the node is living somewhere else and you're just using it as like a remote database. That obviously gets much more complicated with Aztec when you have private information that's specific to users. Like the remote database can't read the information. It doesn't know which information's relevant for you. They're adding this global privacy just makes it a lot more complex. Okay, but if I like this, the things that you just say in the local device, if you send the data to Aztec in that talk, this is already not a good idea because the private data is supposed to be staying in the local device. So, well, when it's published on chain, it's encrypted. So like let's say I create a node for you. Like I've sent you some tokens, as part of a transaction. What happens is a node hash is added to the tree that is like the commitment to the tokens in your account. But you still need the details of the unencrypted node to be able to use that node in a future transaction. So what happens is the actual node contents are encrypted and put on chain as an event. So then when you're thinking Aztec network when you're thinking the blockchain, you're actually able to decrypt that node information because I've encrypted it to your public key. You're scanning the chain for any relevant nodes that are for you. So you're able to decrypt this information and then your local databases updated. So all nodes that are created, there's a node hash that's committed to in the tree. But then the actual node contents are encrypted for the corresponding account. And then when they're scanning the chain, they pick it up and they're like, okay, I'm gonna update my database and say, I have this node that I corresponds to this node hash that's in the tree and I can use it in a future transaction. So that's kind of how it works. So you don't have to technically admit, like I don't have to encrypt the node information and put it on chain for you. But if I don't do that, I need another way to get you the node information because you need that node information to spend that node. So like if we're just in communication on some, I'll agree on where some chat platform. I could send it to you, I've changed, you can add it to your PXC manually. But like that's a lot of work. Yeah, okay, and Zeno, if you have something to add. Yeah, it's just gonna make a distinction, I guess, between the private information that he's used in the app, but as you've described there, and encrypting it and having it on chain, versus the kind of the supersychre information like the encryption keys and whatnot that are stored in the PXC. And maybe that's the thing that they were asking about, like in the way that you can use met a masking multiple devices, you sort of bring in the private key to those instances, or you're bringing your seed phrase into there, and that import your wallets, and maybe it's doing more now in terms of syncing on the back of the app. I'm not actually sure, but that's how I use met a masking that if I want to use normal devices, I have to bring in my private key or my seed phrase to those devices. For, I think you did mention this in earlier that if I've got one device where I'm using an account and those keys would have to be manually brought to another device if I want to use that same account, is that right, Rosh? So, last part again? If I've got, if I'm using an account on one device, if I've created an account on one device, and I want to use that account on another device, I have to manually bring certain keys across, so like I haven't actually done this myself. Yeah, would I have to bring certain keys across, and I'm not sure if that's what T-Rose is asking about. If you've created something I want to account, then you delete that account, then you actually have lost those keys. So, I'm sorry, not to delete the account. If you did, if you, you know, the device is lost. You've kind of lost access to that account, because the keys were only there at that point in time. Yeah, like, or can't or some certain data, because I think that's the best way to save the device. Yeah, it's a big sea. So, if I change my, because changing the device is quite common nowadays, right? So, I was wondering if this is kind of like, I guess that's the distinction there. I guess, based on understanding what is in the pixie, and if I've understood more completely now, after what T-Rosh described actually a lot of it's in Aztec, but there will be a small amount, and I think it's just the case, but yeah, might be the right time for you. Yep, so in general, if you're just using, in general, all of the note information that the pixie is using to build the database is put on chain encrypted. So, you can rebuild your local database state if you have the specific keys. So, yeah, change your right. Like in this, it's the analogy to meta-mask like exporting private keys or seed phrase. I can imagine as T-Rosh have something similar. Where there is a very small amount of information that is secret, and it's like very important to keep secure, like you do on blockjains today. But, if you have the information, then you can rebuild your database completely. You can get all of the private information. You can get all those encrypted notes because they've been posted on chain. So, like, let's say, I export my private key, I back it up. I delete my local pixie, my local wallet, I own and sell everything, and I'm like, okay, I don't have access to my latest Aztecs state or anything anymore. If I just like create a new wallet, import my private key, my encryption key. It's like, I think it's just going to be one key. I don't think it's two separate keys. But it might, well, it depends on how your account contract is set up actually, right? Like, if you have an account, if you have a ZK email account, where there is no private key, then you don't need to save a private key. But there will always be a decryption key, a decryption and a encryption key. So, yeah, you'll be able to rethink your local database with the latest state and get all of your notes by rethinking the Aztecs change just like I said, I imagine there will be third-party services that make this easier and change the risk profile and secure your profile as well. But as of now, that's just the default, how to protocol, how to think about the protocol. Yeah, I'm just going to drop a link here. This is a bit dated, so this has changed a little bit, but you know, there's a few keys there, but yeah, the latest is still going to be updated at some point. Okay, thanks so much, Shen James. Yeah, you're welcome. Looks like we're about at time. Any last minute questions before we sign up today? Cool, well thanks all for joining. We'll see you next week. Okay, cheers. Thanks, you.