 Ok, 10th November, 11th November, Monday. Long chat with Arjuna today, especially, and Rajul joined in private. It was a nice, can-work-on conversation. Checking in for today's some code, 93945 in the night, I finished dinner. In my quarter-deft bit, just about now. I have started playing, I have learned how to run, I have opened cursor, looking at the current code. Firstly, I want to get mine. Momentum running, I want to see my confidence a bit up. I am going to start doing something as late as take-use, as take-volved. Probably deploy an account, no. Just mint a token, no. I am going to send a tokens, well clear account, says, I am going to create an account, I am going to create an account. I am going to create an account, no. So, create a account, alright, let's try to keep it in the account. Let's do a very, the minus A. Let's just say, as take-hide the wallet, create account, Rajesh, again through another, address cannot be derived from public keys and partial letters. There are in command execution, what you do in my, the Rajesh to an account, 1, 8, 7, B, and I try to look at the, I just create it, EA, it, B. Different from, different from my, what I see registered in my sandbox, this different from what I see in your account, I show in my term in a log from there to come. Okay, let's go look at Docs, we are not really here, she is beautiful, she faced these very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very common sense. something yes writing contracts defining initialization functions there is a counter can have the anchor so you have to count stereo. That's so difficult to find stuff it I need to look at theKYH. at some point. Right, so let's go, let's find example then. Okay, contract tutorials. Yeah, contract contract. So, look at that. This has to go with. Okay, I'm going to take a look at the account. And bye. I'll be fit to tell you, is it? Is it? It's fine, I'm going to find a way to get it. Okay, I'm going to try and get the contract. Yeah, it's probably a very fine. Now, we were down there so much to do. And I'm finding stuff. Okay, okay, okay. Hmm, okay, that is why I'm about to write one The drawing contract, the thing that is where I found Fuck me, like seriously That's the wallet Yeah, see, this is what I'm looking for in the card I have to have one here I stick up to the latest testicles, that's probably the shit that I have Yeah, I'll just now go back, up that I'm gonna stick up the road I have to question It's too It is fun now because going through I'm too used in the contract because I figured out when I'm about basic That's why it's fun To go through this contract, okay, 0.62 I've updated my this, so let's look at my I'll show you the equipment now version First and now up So that we have the latest version of not go as well This is the right, we are doing, we're looking at now, go 0.36, okay, both of these are right So let's see if the account gets registered correctly With a minus RH Each of it should not get Look, it's starting as I say Yeah, see, basically the problem was with the version The problem was with the version You see, that is why I stick wallet failed Hmm, stored in database, what database? My PXE, that is fabulous So last also Show account, huh? Well, so How do I Is it in the token contract? I suppose it is in the token contract, let's see Where the where I have the code For No, so I'm looking for the place where I have the way to use SDK I have the way to use it Is it somewhere, I need to figure out where it is But I'll figure out where the stick wallet is The little instructions are available Yeah, so it is in getting started, it's getting started See, it's simple as that, it's in getting started Why do I get frustrated? No, so we do this token contract And we call it Yeah, near Malhar We call it via And we call the, we want the symbol And as And then we say the token is Meat token Meat token M caps, what do we want all small? Let's have it all caps, let's have the LES M caps again All right, so accounts Is to have my wallet or do we have Rajesh I have Rajesh From accounts of I's Rajesh All right Now do I want to Alice Now this gets my juice was going And it is good, I don't know what it is Fuck me, fuck me What happened? Here, what happened here? Let's go, let's stop the shoot Hey, hey, hey, meat token I have to call it deployed token Contract artifact from accounts Rajesh Is that the account that I'm interested in? Yeah, Rajesh is the one 0, 4, 9 Hey, from me [(万人讲诺 Spear以上)] How do we solveage yourice? Now I'm so glad that this worked previously but since it fails now let's do it the way that they do it. This is what I really want to like about this thing. I have a feel of some. So I've got a great portrait and today it feels that is why you want to start. I don't know why I have these people who have an answer who are working these experts who are working on this clumsy dedupting and they see that things make it work. Here. I have that fucking dog. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. O. It's 11. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, ooh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ew, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, oh, ooh, oh, ooh, oh, ooh, ah, ah, oh, ooh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ooh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, lay suggests if em powers the on destroying. Mar 對啊? Shall I just move that? Now, I am here as take wallet CLI. So, one of the comments was passing, was working, one of the comments using Aztec wallet was failing. The one that was failing was creation of a new token. It was failing, giving some error and it was frustrating then I realized my sandbox is from the previous probably not updated while my Aztec is updated to 0.62.0 and Nargo is updated 0.0 my sandbox possibly is running one of the previous versions either point of Aztec.59.0 or 0.61.0. So, therefore, I restarted the sandbox and I am trying to run the Aztec wallet create account command minus a ali a alias and create an account that is with my name Rajesh. Let us see this should work because the previous command work as well. I mean it worked even then the token contract failed. Therefore, this has worked. See there is a transaction failed, there is a transaction fee, transaction hash, account stored and details in database name Rajesh and last then show secret key partial key salt in and deployer. The prior is 0 x 0 0 0. So, is that the somebody has deployed the account contract. So, I know the address and on the is 2 9 0 7. So, I know the public key there is a secret key. There is partial address in the salt salt to 0.00 and there is a partial address different from the address and public key is huge. Address is probably where the account is deployed and public key is a different from the address and partial address is different from the address too. So, the identity higher of this account I think is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is is. Contract does not account the 2 9 0 7. So, I think while he deployed and deployed address is this The public key is what today is I see it is huge, which is a huge number, this one number is not the number number, number is it is a secret key, this one public key and it is a hex there are no two, between the x and 3 by 2, 2, 2, 3, this is the public key, there is a partial address and there must be specific rules to collation of partial address right, so now after you will resolve this, it is now going to apply a token contract, which I will call NIA, NCAPS is the EES, then the token symbol is NN and NCAPS, alright, so let's say the token name is NIA token, NCAPS TCAPS and then account that is going to deploy this is the Tajish, alright, and let's go accounts from accounts, like this from accounts for which account is deploying, which the entire Tajish can make it Alice, let's make Alice the next time when the deployment of the token contract, and then this time from account to account, so alright, now it should deploy this contract, it should work, I throw up some random airfuck in here, there it is, there it is, yeah, so it contract deployed at contract partial address contract initial, deployment transaction has deployment, so it is a deployment fee obviously, there is gas, so all that you see in the sandbox as well, right, so let's now see balance for this account for Rajish, this is the same method, so the token is not needed, the token is not meant, the token is registered, so it is contract is deployed but tokens are not meant, so let's go ahead and mint the tokens, right, so I only 100, I am one of mint 1000 to Rajish, alright, then the token is not address, right, so from accounts, this Rajish is the eleas, said send, okay, I stick well let's send mint public, okay, so it says send and mint public, which is mint public, when I try it, you will see mint public, from accounts Rajish, so that is because you first it is going to accept Rajish for accounts only if the Rajish address, the account Rajish has been added as the owner who was given the permission to mint the contract, yes, it is contact address is, yeah, me, me, yeah, so with the way you access alias is accounts dot, so then accounts Rajish 1000, alright, here we go, so this should work, we should work, so it a who do does a who to send it to, it's minted for me, minted for Rajish, okay, okay my friend, alright, yes, to the love hash, get block, it's not a fail, yeah, get block, it's not a good block, and stick wallet, help, there is her, there is get alias, elias, there is get tx, it's get tx, sometimes, get high for tx, I don't know if it adds an resistiveness to the provider account, granting px to the notes of the authorizers, so that it can be verified, alright, granting px to the notes of the authorizer, so that it can be verified, granting px, it's not granting note access to the px here, but specifically granting px access to the notes of the authorizer, but of course we want to check each of these out, three to a fit, it's an authorization witness that can be privately sent to a caller, so they can perform an action on behalf of the provider, and note, what's a note to the database in the px, see, see, we'll add, similar to the source of answer, and we have to contact, send, the pulse of function, and the supply, the plus of the provider, also got a counter request, interesting, I just need a compile, contract, that is all I need, the player account, the plus and order is a statistical account that can be used for sending transactions, okay, interesting, interesting, interesting, let's get px, and let's put the transaction, so I'm trying to get the transaction, it does, it did send me, it did get me the transaction, so what's contained in the transaction, it is transaction ID, there's a status, success, okay, this block 5, there's fee, right, public data writes, leaf, all right, so I have exhausted run through, you have want to listen to any other of Hilary Hans music, drums, I've listened to drums, good fucking lower, lack of two million, I chose ski, I like tap-cho-ski, so should we listen to tap-cho-ski, let's go, so you see the transaction here, let's, after this run, get out with, see there get out with, yes there is add-off with, then there is a minute and functioning bridge features, actions, how can run, how can run, how can I options name storage fill name, which features, let me figure out this out, authorization, I know authorization, supposedly, another direction, yeah, what everything that I can do, can I list the functions of a contract, yeah, minus T, let's take wallet, minus T, okay, so I did run Px, all right, so now I know all the details that come in, is a block hash, is a fee, there's a public data writes, oh, leaves, there are leaves, so there is a leaf, nullifiers, transaction has nullifier, then there is minus T, hmm, so I run and this come, as to write from wallet, that's data, I can write and then, where is the wherever is in the environment, where is user's where, where, where, where does the user's where, where does the slash win, slash wallet data, should I go and see what's there, sure I let's go, let's go, should I go from, from the terminal, let's open another terminal, all right, and it's too bad, that CD slash, this is a high fund, dot, as tick, there's a stick, and there's been, yeah, so not CD, I want to see, I want else, there's must be data down here, see wallet data, ah, okay, so there's wallet data, all right, then I go see it dot, dot, oh, yeah, all right, wallet data, but instead, I stay, wallet, what is there, there is a stick holder, there's a stick, Nargo, there's a stick up, there's a stick wallet, it's all the commands, what is a stick wallet, you can see what has to call it is, so, we, so it just contains the address, I see, I see, I see, I see, so let's see what's in, stick Nargo, there's a toy, there's a part there, so, must you, just means it's an executable, there's a particular, it's a wallet data, for understand, so, the only new run in I can command from, it's such a search, for a dot, I stick, slash, bin, and then it goes to my zshrc, there's a stick, if they're path, it's too tiny, and I'm going to search using the part, so all the part, I've had this mention, there's one interesting thing, there's a bit there, right, that is cool, I'll follow the tabming, which is to find a hook up, or is it possible, and that person's going to modify it, yeah, I'll put a fixed one for me to find it, all right, I'll put it in the description, 45 minutes of this session, and I haven't made much progress, I don't see much yet, okay, so let's see, what's, where do we go in the front of the project, which directly, I want to be an exercises, I'll see the exercises, see the, yeah, the simplest aspect, let's go, simple, stastic, the fact that I'm going to see the counter, yeah, yeah, so I'm a fan here, this is a bit of a little fucking simple, simple program, and I hope that you work here, it works for us, but I don't think it's just going to go back to the surface, there's a good one, and I'll do it, just a bad move, and I'll do it, and I'll do it. Oh, yeah, I'm doing it, look, that's so good, the work previously, it works, let's go do Mel, so I'll point 62 As the signal will come by, we do a little fucking fucks up. So I've got the right back edges and what I hope I've got all these commands. Commandstone word at least. I stick wallet. Do I have I stick wallet in the commands? We have the commands in get up where are the commands? We have. Yeah, but I'm not this has to call it. We can ask to call it some errors and I want to go there. I don't know. Ask to call it. Yep. So let us go to the asked packages. I know that's where the wallet is. As you packages, there must be a stick wallet somewhere. Not here. There's a stick wallet here. I stick wallet where the asked to call it. Is it an asked to packages? Ask to protocol? That's such an asked to call it. Ask to call it. I'll find some references. There's one record. This is the record I'm going to test. I'm doing it here. I'm here, though. For the command is as stick wallet. But the package is still there. Not here. There is no asked to call it that. Fuck me. Stick for plastic packages. I'm looking for. Where are we? Aah, stick up. Been asked to call it. So I was looking for where I stick wallet is. Is in the package of asked packages. So it basically is as stick protocol slash seal it wallet. As stick protocol, there is a seal it wallet. It's a part of asked to call it. Where is the seal it wallet? Where is seal it? Where is seal it? Ask to seal it. Ask to seal it. Ask to seal it. Ask to seal it. Ask to seal it. Is there an asked to seal it? There is no ask to seal it. So I stick protocol slash the available wallet. So it's a binary file. Where is the stick? Up. Where is the stick seal it? Ask to seal it. Must be somewhere. It's not. Come on line to it. We are interacting with infrastructure. Stick builder. All right. This is data. This is data. It's not the last week. Let's see. I. I. I. What the fuck. So it's going to be the nightmare. Not here. I'm fine. It. Home branch tags. I. That's good. What is the tag? All right. So this is all that is all. The one installed. My am still from where the little more of me. I'm looking for the package. This is the wallet. But apparently. You don't have a wallet of that time. It's much like such and for. As tipnago. So do you see there are no repos. There are no repos. But. There is a binary file. Let's take not go. I. Include. Just. See a lie. Exhandbox. So just the same way. There's no path. There's no path here. Where is the. See a. They. There. The. The. The. The. The. business.анso so what is that. Yeah, I I shit you 있어서. Listen the task experience. The. plastic, inastered packages, they are multi-futile, because the elastic connect, there's elastic packages, there's elastic V1, there's elastic connect, bridges, there's elastic NR, there's just docks, some of these are very old, there's elastic starter, there's also a plastic, let's call it, 23, 26 days ago, they were all of, plastics, they have to resources, so, so, so, so, so, I'm, elastic, the hydrogolo, 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1, this is the quote-up, okay, this is not very interesting, hackathones, workshops, elastic sandbook, sandbox, this is the projects and two, so, I'll just link out this for, this project and two, then, we'll score extension, then, like in the next two, so, I've, the three sitting now, you can ask, each sitting, hard hard knock, I've got a whole other done painting, cast iron akhanu from the whole Tiger Noom Road Standay addict, Smaller bridges, Kinds, I know this is okay, man, I'll do something toasted, I'll clear up the domain function which is I have I have gone off on a tangent okay so the right protocol to look at I would argue is as thick packages once I go to a stick packages let us see there is a stick Nargo there is a stick up but there is no wallet where the fuck is wallet there scripts there is no there is no more rapport there scripts no projects this is I hope I find a stick wallet there doesn't exist there doesn't exist I hope that's I hope that's I hope that's I hope that's I hope that's it's very is oh it's very want me is a compact there is Oracle functions I build this power and I will close it there's a contract and then there's the contract the load is a same documentation is it it is I should go elsewhere and the counter there's no I don't go at too many windows open well what was the interest to find the computer I get it started I was interested to know where is the whole forest of the client now you have a sandbox running let's take a knockout for the next step you will use wallet here like open you don't even go and run there is a seal I let's see if they have a tin key there is a one seal like that's obviously collected The moment special by a corner please put on install rebuild this issue and so this hour is in relation I cannot express this sincerely and I am in style and I am going to go to the brief chapter of the book. I am going to punch high punch, see the. I will open it and I will put it in the ring and do it. Yeah, you can bring the handboard. The Mondry book can be finicky. I am not working the Mondry book, you can avoid it. Please see the line, the bonnet report. Seriously, for real, let's see if it is in the yarn monaloco. Let's see if it is that is where it is. I don't want to close this window by accident. Yes, where was I? First of all, when I was in Vietnam I really cannot call the inexcytdy, let's take just that make up monaripo. This is the monaripo, this monaripo. So, I see I see I see I see so where is where is where is where is where is where is where is as take it? Let's look at it and look at the yarn project. Do I have a steel here? A steel faucet? This has to be known as a steel steel. There is this fucking steel. I see let's go. Let's go I guess binary. Okay next import from astigase. Okay so this is the CLI wallet next material better. Let's see test. Test the flows. Create main and mint. Create main and mint private search. Deploying construction minting book is privately. Create a account. Deploy to contract a token. Accent. I mean, for this is what I was looking for. I mean, the rest there is this. Oh, I mean just. Need. All right. Let's do this thing. So, I will put telegram. Astix here. Astix packages. You run using astig wallet. This is where it is. I will use this to learn what I want to learn. Comments. I don't fit. I don't authorize action. Cancer deexject takes. Create account. Deex. All right. Let's see. I. There's so many of these functions. Same. Simulate index. What does index do? Comments. Let's look at a simple one. Check ticks. Check ticks. Yeah, this is the one I'm interested. Oh, yes. Check ticks. Check ticks. I'm talking about. So, give me a transaction number. Here is a transaction hash. Here is here it is. All right. Let's go. Let's go. All the works. Check ticks. There's no check ticks. I don't fit. There is an adult fit. What are I going to check ticks? Type ticks. Type this. All right. Export us in function. Check ticks. Client. PXC. TXH. Strait is only Boolean. Log. Fenn. Hmm. There is no command. Here is the coin option. Let's see. Do some cutlayerware issues. There is no command sheet. Oh, so they need a transaction hash. It's find a transaction hash. This is a string I want. Double double transaction hash. This is the one. Oh, little option contract address. There is a contract address. There is a contract address. Nice nice nice nice nice. Nice nice nice nice nice nice. Nice nice nice contract address. Simple as this is the way that's the not found in contract token. So it's a wrong transaction. This is how you fucking learn. This is how you fucking click. All right, how it works. Now what's not found in contract. There is no no. In the counter. All right. Okay, so this is got to be one of these we have to use. So that's good. So it's on my think it will need to lead through the method that I'm looking at. So I want looking at what I'm looking at. Get alias. All right, let's see. Just try. I stick wallet. Get alias. All right, I think it's not a good one. Oh, who's fucking here? This is cool. I'm type key value. Yeah, so. Okay, so let's try get dx. That's the wallet. Get dx. So now that we know to do all it basically sent me everything. Resent transactions. Very nice. Mint public. Mint public here. The seven. Reduce shield. Oh, it's a deal. It's a drop. Some three. Three transactions. The deem shield. Okay. See, this is nice. This is nice. This is nice. This is nice. This is nice. Resent autos of this set to private. The emcom Apple launch listeners jumped into any Blizzis a agent for wording. This is nice. I love course I'm going to learn. How are these two questions? This is saved in my. This is saved in my local machine. Man, even if the sandbox has reset. That's because that's because. Well, it is sandbox. And when we replace the sandbox with the dev net, then the persistence makes sense. Otherwise, it doesn't. Now I understand. These both the alias, you know, Zain Zain time time and all that everything that I've added. Plus, I understand the recent transactions showing transactions that I've not even done, which are all these shield transactions. But derals were. Let's see. I want to see all the functions. I want to see all the functions of it of a contract. How do I see? I want to see the key. I want to see the key. Let's see the key. Let's see the clarity. That's the wallet. Finally. What is it going to do? All right. From the city of. That's something. Pickle. Slash. That's it. That's it. Alphabet. Wallet Alphabet. And it's parted. And then other wallets. Exercise is. It's about it. It's about it. Do you want to say counter? Okay. Under it is. Simple. Simple. All right. So let's see what happens. Let's see what it does. Let's see what it does. Use it. Wallet options come on. So what is doing is. Options. Minus V. Minus H. Minus Minus H. All right. No. So. You see this wallet. And then something. Then options. Then come on. Wallet. Then options. And then come on. This is path. Data entry and string. Let's go. 115. 115. 115. The small amount of time. Okay. So we're stop. So I made some progress. The main progress is finding where Ashtixia lies. And then I'm probably going to. Like the hell out of it. Hell out of it.