 It is Tuesday, 19 November, it is a beautiful morning. 10 a.m. It is also the day that Sharship Flight 6 is going to happen. It is going to happen like 11 p.m. more at a time. Today, something to look forward to. I had my morning capchina at Crab Shell Trustron Place, which is walking distance for me. So it is the first morning copy of that I have had in a long long time. Morning capschina. The open at 9 a.m. So it is perfect for me. I just walk across to their place and get the coffee. It is just 50 meter walk for me. It is a perfect discovery for me. To have capchina twice a day. The largest large capchina is 2.50 euro. And the take away, which is the give you in a take away cup, that is 2 euro. Their dirty, the cups are seen dirty in the spoons are dirty. Yesterday, I noticed the spoon yesterday, I noticed the spoon again today. It does not leave stains on your spoons. It is good for emergency coffee. So I am in India. Has not prepared me for lack of hygiene in food all those years of eating in public places. Well, then what is the point of coming from India? If I cannot handle the lack of hygiene in the morning capchina, because there is no place nearby that offers me that. Yes, therefore I will have that coffee and I will give it to me a great fresh beginning to the morning. As I did today, I might go for a swim, stand a am, it is beautiful calm water, clear skies, in perfect weather for a swim. I have set up my get up folder for the day, which is 19th of November, and set up the notes inside it and open that in cursor. And that prompts me to speak about last night. The workflow is compact and happy about the workflow. Well, so what we talk about, well, Twitter newsings yes. I mean, I use Twitter a lot. So when for coffee, I open Twitter and look at stuff. I have an amazing set of lists that I have curated over the last few months. It has become a bigger and bigger and heavier user of Twitter. So one of the things is people or some people are moving away from Twitter to the particular app, which is Blue Sky. That seems to be the alternative that people have picked up. All those who are unhappy with Twitter and go somewhere else, that's a place that they've picked. So that's one trend. In the A community, I see Jeremy Howard tweeting that his check-down is Blue Sky and there's more activity than he had expected. In the A, I community. And on Blue Sky. Then of course, I have notifications on for feeding turn of Lambak last. Who is a great follow and to have the notifications on, he's a great account. It's just so such pure signal that is account offers. So that's a great relief. It takes me to the most exciting parts of ZK to start with then in crypto, in general, and the project that he's building, Rogue, which is an Ethereum right to. I may want to buy some GPUs. Do I want to create a separate repo for audio transcripts going forward? I may not do it today, but I may do this. A little ahead from now. Keep the daily aesthetic separate for aesthetic sessions. And audio is just general because I end up speaking about stuff outside of as take as well, creating audio notes because well, I do spend three, four hours every day on stuff outside because of my exciting list because of Twitter because of my reading, so on and so forth. And the AI class that I'm going to start on 26th, the music appreciation lessons that I am doing, the extended music appreciation lessons. But it reminds me tomorrow is the last day for submission of my open book test for music appreciation. If you get the music appreciation certificate, I'm not really interested in the certificate. Why not write and complete the test? Yes, so seven minutes into this audio note. I'm happy about my book flows. And of course, there is the ICSA money remittance follow-up that the remittance is team of ICSA bank is doing that is so messy inefficient. I have my Tesla account is closed not by my choice. My Tesla account with the Saxo bank. Why are ICSA security is that is the broker so Saxo bank has decided to close all Indian accounts. And as a consequence, my account is getting closed. Which is a big setback for me. Because once I close this account, I will have to pay tax on it. So the total amount may be in the neighborhood of 34 lakhs. And imagine, I have to pay 20% long term capital gains tax on some of it. So I don't know the amount how much it will be. It's possibly about 4 lakhs or 5 lakhs. I think that's what I expect in that neighborhood. And I add to that the my tax liability from 2020, which is about 5 lakhs. So total of 5 to 10 lakhs of tax I may have to pay from the 34 lakhs that I may get from this. So it's a big fuck up first thing. And second thing is once I get the cash and it stays in my account. And then I have to reinvest in Tesla and also the fact that that money is not growing. So it will continue to burn. So it will give me a possibly a year. I'll have a buff. So I can say a year and quarter. So it will pay for 2025. And it will not pay for it. And then some a bit of 2020, 26. So I need to which and so then I will be worried about the cash flow. I mean if this Tesla money was still with the, with the Tesla. If this account was not liquidated, it stayed. If it stayed, then I would rush to show it about my runway a lot more. Because I would then not be spending this yes. I'd be spending crypto or be spending finding other ways to spend. And next year is a bulldozer. So that is a good strategy. But if this happens, which is liquidation is forced. And because and then I will pay taxes on it, which and then reinvesting is going to be a headache. So it is a bummer. There is an alternate side to it, which is I will have a lot of cash flow. When struggling, artificially struggling with cash flows last three, four months. Mainly because not because I haven't had cash. I mean, I said that I can't liquidate. But I've been very and I've been trying to manage and minimize sale of assets. And I have. Therefore I have. Some cash balance. Therefore I have, I will have artificial scarcity of capital of cash flow. And then I will have cash flow. That is a perfect timing for my plans to explore Europe. I'm waiting for identity. My annual permit to be collected from my identity. Malta, when you permit to be issued. And it's taken very long. Six months in fact, June July August September, October now. Yes. Five over five months now. And hopefully that will go through. And that's a cost for some uncertainties for me. But once that gets through, I will have cash to do cruises in Europe. There are amazing cruises. And I want to do sea travel for culture, for historical, for appreciation of global history, world history. Because sea has been the means of global source. And it is the means. It is the resource that's been leveraged by civilisation, the western civilisation, Europe and America in that order to dominate the world. Yes. And so it's basically dipping into the culture and history of the last 300-400-500 years. First the age of wind, then the age of fire. Age of wind extended till the internal combustion engine and the steam ships of 1800. Before 1800, the 19th century, before the 19th century. It was the age of wind. So 19th century onwards, it is the age of fire in America, the age of fire. So I want to travel by sea and then that is going to have outside returns for me. It's the way I think about it. And therefore I want to do all these cruises. So there will be Wi-Fi on the ships. So I will be able to, I will be connected to the internet on the cruises as well. And I want to just get on these cruises. There are three decreases, seven decreases, ten decreases, 14 decreases, 30 decreases, 24 day 30 day cruises. So there are these different cruises. And I want to be able to take these cruises here. And the approximate expense for these cruises is per day about 100 euros. So I want to be able to afford it. And I'm going to spend this liquidated funds on these cruises while I travel around the world. So that is going to be exciting. So I'm going to have cash for that. So that is really interesting. And of course there is this personal dimension I've been thinking about. Well, is show the mental discipline necessary to be a good person. I've thought about it quite a bit in the last few days. I'm going to be criticizing more and more. But I really need the mental discipline that I've been harping on. The mental discipline is to be a good person. I need mental discipline to be a good person. Not simple as that. Yeah, to not throw my dump on others. That is a mental discipline. That I need to have. And that's the only stopper. There's no other stopper. It's only mental discipline. That stops me from everything that is towards me back. Which is essentially that holds me from being a good person. So yes, of course, use the mental discipline to work on. And there are no excuses for that. It just means if I fail, which I have last couple of two three days. I met with someone on Tinder, Chinese woman. She says she's living in Gozo. And I was, you know, a little bit of an effort to hurt. And what caught me there, really, only reason that I was was I lack mental discipline. That's it. And nobody wins. I mean, I don't win. Do I claim that why would anybody give me the privilege of dealing with my privilege, where they will deal with my trauma? That I dumped on them, that didn't cause I would get happening. Well, I'm speculating, start to speculate now. Well, the upper gas trauma down from the lower gas. In India, I suppose that's what I suppose happens. Shit flows downwards. It's a hierarchy for shit. Well, I suppose I, the same thing for all these Indian Hindu cast, upper gas before 47. There was a British that were shooting on them. And now that they're independent, it's just they're pass shooting on them. And they have no excuse to not be empathetic. But themselves, it's a thousand years of past shooting on them. They can get over it. So this double-aged knife of Empathy is going to cut me as well as I embrace it more and more. Especially my relationship with my own blood. That's going to cut me as I get more and more empathetic. I just kept thinking about some art and how I have not stood by him. Let's say, if it all got far bit, I have a child going forward. And how will that explain to that child that the child has a cousin brother that I have cut out. Access to that child with their own cousin, like the things like that. And then I think about some art, my fucking asshole brother son in the how that child is no chance. And I walked away and that boy was a 10 years old. And so Empathy is double-aged sword. We will go there, it is going to be a little bit complicated. I mean it's going to be complicated going there. But it is the right way. Yes, it is the right way. That reminds me, golden oven. It's going to open today is Tuesday. They have started the timer. They will open the day after tomorrow. They have started the fire, kitchen fire, the chef has lit the fire, which means they have kicked out. They have cleaned up and they have kicked out. And they started the timer. They are opening for a Tuesday. They are opening on Thursday. They have to tomorrow. Man, is that going to be a big? I'm going to love it again. I'm looking forward to that. I'm looking forward to meeting those people. I'm looking forward to my 500-year-old funding. The rewards will be to the community reward for community engagement. That hashtag has promised me for all for me too. That then the remittance that ICS has held of mine. My money that ICS has held. I'm waiting for that, which is about 75,000. Then find $1,000 is going to translate to 45,000. For the 2000, for the 3000 rupees. I'm waiting for that. That will put me over a lakh. I'm comfortable for the next 30 days. 20 days until the beginning of next month. I'm comfortable. From there, I will liquidate even more Tesla. Bit by bit, more and more. If they stop my remittance, I'll have some way to survive. That I won't be stopped for cash. We'll be liquidating all the way till December 12th. But the ICS security is closed. I'm in Europe. If it was an India, I would have done something. I want to ICS security, SaaS them, etc. Can I transfer my assets to a different broker? I would have asked them about this. Yes, but I'm in Europe. I cannot travel to India because my book permit and you'll, sorry, one year permit, has not yet processed. It reminds me, I have to meet these couple of Indian dudes on the visa thing which is today. Yes, we have to call them and they're apparently in Maita. It's 19, I should have called them sometime this last three, four days. But I will call them today. And will it be good to meet them later in Maita? So, and well, thanks to Rory. I've been thinking, should I? Do I want to create a $1,000 fund for Rory so that he can capture the crypto upside and structure it in a way where I have full control of the account and the money I make is on his behalf. Yes, and he can buy that account from me every time. Yes, but he wants me to run it. Yes, yes. So, I can do it for him and I will make money for him. Because, you know, what it is, sir. Okay. Now, coming to the interesting part of Aztec, so very good yesterday was very interesting. Dr. Desaurio got to go and take bath, but at some point in the first half, got to go take bath. But what I am looking for right now, the daily asset and my honesty, when has become more accessible than before. Last night was good progress, last evening was good progress. And I feel happy about the whole daily asset get up workflow for my learning. The looking at the Aztec experiment project now that I have been working on, which is essentially Aztec hard-coded contract. I have worked on yesterday, so it is a simplest Aztec contract that is there in Aztec talks. And I deployed it last night using Aztec Nargo compile created the JSON artifact, which is needed if you want to deploy the smart contract to the sandbox. So I did that and then first is got the JSON, which is Aztec Nargo compile, I compiled it, did code gen, so code gen generates a TypeScript file. And this is needed for any TypeScript bindings to be used. So if you want to use the smart contract in web app, then you have to need these types of bindings. Now you also need these types of bindings if it is an account contract and you want to deploy it. So that is where code gen comes in. And once you deploy it, then I am so smart. See, look at the range of things that I just spoke about. That is smartness, yeah. Okay, now actually this is earning my butter, right? And butter now, which is going into details to show depth. So far I showed bread, some of some amount, because speaking about bread reminds me yesterday also tweeted a thread about this real estate market in India, which I am proud of. Granular objective convincing yes, super coming back to this Aztec project. Coming back to the Aztec project, the need to hold all my content yes. That is another side that I have gone on right now. Well my Twitter threads, Claude, Chats, my GitHub uploads that I hope I don't lose them because well these applications will die at some point in the next 20 years. Before the die and but I know the blockchain is permanent, therefore I want to be able to archive my stuff privately on the blockchain. So that is where I suppose Aztec comes into the picture. In cryptic storage, I mean that is a big use case yes. And I want to use Aztec for that's obviously I'm going to build it for myself. Like my article on from 2022 from Rajul's website, ESG, where I wrote about blockchain, all 18 pages of it. My recent notion documents that I published as a part of alpha build one and alpha build two explaining my learnings. Any and then do I want to move them to get hosted on GitHub. You have this GitHub GitHub pages or something where you can give the user friendly web interface to put your stuff on yes. And hope I get to move them elsewhere. Hope I get to move them to permanent hosting decentralized hosting on the Ethereum blockchain, preferably privacy, focused Ethereum L2. Yes. Before this thing shuts before any of them shut down. So I don't look my data even my telegram saved messages yes. So that is a treasure trove full of screenshots, no slings. I mean it literally has archival of how I spent my day in the for the last three years, please since 2021. Yes, the last four years so to speak, you know, three and a half years. And that's unbelievable. I can't lose it. I need to find a way to archive it and save it somewhere from my own retrieval going forward yes. So that is a task yes. And I suspect that shit is going to disappear before I do that. I'm very nervous that's going to happen at least with telegram recently. There was not recently, I mean this year. The founder was arrested in France of telegram was arrested in France and I worried sometimes the axis is going to fall. And I might lose my data yes. I don't want that to happen. What about fucking signal yes. I use signal. Well I should use signal more. Anyway, I mean I'm not worried about privacy when it comes to my telegram notes. I need that to be not more available for me. More permanently, telegram dies. I want that data to be available. I'll tell you for some reason, shut my access. I want my data before that happens. Coming back to. The last experiment I was running last night. So on here I've opened cursor. I mean that directory. So coming going back to the what had it yesterday recapping that. So I did code genius. I generated T as bindings so that I can use then after that I can write a T it a TypeScript script. And after that use yeah and to run that type script or use the command line to run the TypeScript script. And the script can deploy can interact with the sandbox and deploy contract artifacts. So that's another way to interact with the sandbox. Such fabulous. Such amazing. Such greatness. Such fabulous. Yes. So the hard coded contract is so I deployed it using types of binding successfully. First created a snore account out of the box or Abil and contract type. A code contract type that is out to the box available with the Aztec. As a part of their. You know, JS library. All there. Yes. Yeah. And also the locations of where the libraries I'm interested in are in Aztec packages. Just understanding where the nore functions are that I'm interested in where they are in Aztec packages. Same with the the TypeScript methods libraries that I'm interested in in order to interact by a web. interact via yarn project interact with the blockchain and gain all powers. Directing all possible ways. So I figured that out that is in yarn project for TS bindings and TypeScript libraries. And I see in in yarn it's in yarn project in Aztec packages directory on GitHub of Aztec protocol. And the nore libraries that are used in smart contract writing all important ones authorization witnesses. And they are all and something called Aztec and are which is where all the sandbox methods are. And literally even the sandbox code the way that runs all of that is in no in noap projects. In Aztec packages within noap projects there is a folder called more contracts which are all the example contracts that that already deployed and the package is the Aztec team maintains them so you can run to learn about Aztec yes. So that is something. That is worth talking about yes yes. The Aztec experiment that is currently being run. So like now the contract is deployed using TypeScript the Aztec snore hard contract is deployed using TypeScript. We now create such snore contract which is available out of the box but it deploys that first and using that snore contract. Aztec account it deploy is the hard coded account which is my custom contract which is there in my main. So I have a way to deploy my custom contract now yes. So what you want to do is then. Use the s first is a small thing is instruct that why don't I use the already deployed initial three wallets one of them why don't I use to deploy my custom contract first it will just simplify and then you know fewer sandbox interactions it doesn't make sense to deploy every fucking time. Or save the one that I already deployed here and how cloud got those these types of binding parts somewhat wrong because when it's not expert when it comes to Aztec. And well reminds me boundless this zero boundless is going to have a definite soon yes. So I should go to this zero DevNet case and then that is actually blockchain agnostic ck areas so you can do stuff on it. We can do stuff on other block change and that is a boundless is super exciting to be there for their DevNet but important thing is coming back to the current Aztec experiment yes. First I want to deploy this custom contract of mine using Alice wallet which is the one of the initial test wallets I think it's a simple change and I will be able to make that make that work. And once I make that work. What I want to do is then focus on the custom hard code is not contract custom my custom. So I want to report parts of it and replace it with the custom contract that I want which is the silly mistake account. Which I used to build the silly Aztec wallet. So the silly Aztec account is authenticated using username and password and it for signing it keeps. So since I saw. It keeps a public key private key pair which it doesn't expose to the user it keeps it in private storage and uses that for signing yes. Once the user account is loaded using user out yes which is then be used for encryption and nullifiers creation of encryption and nullifiers. So it doesn't expose the public private key which is going to remain with the user yes. Which is going to remain with the private storage of your of the users pxc and it's not even exposed to the user. That is something. And that is the yeah so I want to rip parts of hard not hard coded accounts. So then I mean also once I have the silly Aztec account I want to use that to kind of build the silly Aztec wallet yes then I can use that to interact with. So I want to use my sandbox. So a lot like Aztec wallet, CLI commands, I want to be using. My silly Aztec wallet commands to interact with sandbox from the terminal. And that user can access using there. There are user name and password years. Then after obviously after that I can build the web interface for it. Oh user can call. Positive will obviously that's a good path yes. So that is where the statistics experiment could lead. So I want to now. The biggest thing that I want to do you know today is a repout parts of parts of the custom contract which is the current Aztec experiment which is main dot nr phi in the Aztec experiment. What to repout firstly. I want to understand what is this hard coded contract. So I see that some public is which are hard coded. I don't know if the private case will put one private case where are they. For context. I also want to know. Well the auth width and the Aztec dependencies Aztec nr in the Aztec nr yes no projects. Well what are the functions how are they called. And yeah I mean how does this they support an account custom account contract creation is. Both the auth width and Aztec dependencies of nr go dot to ML how they support. The custom account creation and how I can change them to get my silly Aztec account of nr. But that that is at the heart of my need. That is going to be. How I'm going to spend my time I spoke for 43 minutes today. Wow. So far 43 minutes here. Fuck. Well this is interesting and exciting for me to think about. The the my Aztec experiment which is the silly Aztec account. If this experiment is successful. I'm going to create a new repo called silly Aztec account. Make it public. And keep it running is. Yeah. Four kit out from Aztec experiment. And create that new public directory. And if at all in future I want to rip up my. The current and you know Aztec experiment and go back to exploring the different war contracts. Already available with nr. packages. Then I have a home for my silly Aztec account. Of course what I want to do this is a very promising direction. I want to look at the proposals of the winning Aztec wallet. Proposals Aztec wallet proposals. There are three that one and the proposals are in the Aztec forum. There Aztec forum post forum post and I have links to them somewhere in my telegram. Save messages. Well of course once I have some more of this going on. I want to go and understand them technically. This right now I have not been able to appreciate any technical details of Aztec account. So I want to then go and see how good they are for my use. Aztec experiment Aztec silly account. Suggestic account. What if your funds are in a multi-fucking signal? Multi-fucking signal. Of course I want it to be multi-fucking signal. After I create this account so that user can get it that funds in many different ways. So that the silly Aztec account holds funds in a multi-sick year. So that even if you lose your email address if it gets compromised, your funds are not lost. Yeah so that's the route I'm going to go to the silly Aztec wallet. 19th of November and my silly Aztec wallet. I mean thinking about I started in August. August 16th when the alphabet won't exist. That's when I started spending real time on an Aztec. So September of November 3 months have passed. So the progress is not much for three months. But then I know that my quality of and duration of my efforts have only ramped up in the last week. Literally the last week to 10 days. I mean there were spurts or sprints before you know three days, four days prints towards the end of the course of the deadline and some dedicated day spent. But quality and duration of effort has ramped up in the last week. And of course it's cumulative and a lot more results have come and it's likely that it will accelerate from here. But both the quality of effort it has to it has to it has to. And duration of effort it has to accelerate from here. So we are at Aztec experiment and I outline what I want to do. Yes with the Aztec experiment which is a silly Aztec account creation obviously a sticky account. I have clarity on what the silly Aztec account is. I have python file which cloud prepared for me for what I want the silly account to be. I just need to execute it implemented. Yes using using the Aztec. No or project library. Yes. Authentined Aztec. I need to decide the strategy how I'm going to repart so hard-coded account out. And place and put parts of other pieces that I'm interested in. I need a strategy and approach for that. Firstly I need to understand the current form of silly Aztec wallet account. How it is where it is and what it takes. I need to understand the current form of silly Aztec wallet account. I need to understand the current form of silly Aztec wallet account. Yes. The silly Aztec account. If it makes sense to have it in Aztec experiment for now, please go ahead and place. I just created a pre-soc imaginary artwork yesterday which is a sand and reverse yes. Pretty bad but well that's a first iteration. I'm going to create another one with a different approach yes. Sand you and reverse reverse the middle of sand you see. Why not? It is blues and yellows. The complementary colors those are the ones that have been working on for the last eight months, ten months. Man this room was that's impossible we just two colors. Wow. Yeah so that is cool that's cool that's cool. The complementary colors the sand, the limestone natural color of martha. Contrasted with this open blue this greenish this open blue yes greenish you know darkish blue. The perfect contrasting colors and just try to this time out. It's beautiful matching so to speak. Aztec wallet, lovingly am the Aztec experiment. The hard coded wallet. What is the fucking public key there? Did the fly? What do we do? How do we interact with that this account now? How do we send a transaction using this account? The hard coded account that I have used. That how do I get it to publish it publicly? Then compare it to the public key, why field elements that are hard coded into that spot contract? How do I use that account to send a transaction? When you need to create a wallet for it. There is something out of the box you can do wallet so there is a wallet there. TypeScript binds a wallet around the account and I can use it in TypeScript. It seems to send transactions. What transactions do I want to send? It's a simplest transaction that I can send. The simplest transaction that I can send is. I can send the public transfer of an account of a token. I deploy a token using Aztec wallet. I send the balance of that token to this address, public balance, to the address that I have. What I do is create Aztec-Patec accounts. All the way till Mataka-Tak before that attack attack. Let's attack Mataka-Tak. I create these accounts. I do public account transfers first using my hard coded custom hard coded account. Using TypeScript. I use Aztec wallet to put balance in this. I can use TypeScript to check balance and put it out in the. It's an constraint view function on the token contract. Well, it's a public account. It's a public token balance. There should be, there should be able to check the balance. Using Aztec wallet. First, I have to register it in the PXC of Aztec wallet. We, this hard coded account. We will do look at the balances. Well, no, I don't need the alias. I can just ask, could the address in sign box and ask it? Fuck alias. For now. For this purpose. Aztec wallet. I want to check it. You can send the transaction. I can use Aztec wallet for more. A lot of the public stuff here. There is a transaction on the sign box. A lot of stuff that's happening on sign box. I can use Aztec wallet to try out. I mean, I can ask Aztec to look at the transaction. Aztec wallet. Use Aztec wallet to look at the transaction of the payment of the hard coded contract. So nice, so nice, so nice, so nice, so nice, so nice, so nice, so nice, so nice, so nice. Let's go. I have idea to enough for Aztec experiment. One hour exactly on this audio file. So I shut the recording now and then I audio transcript. Read your transcript for it in the background. While I work on. Using Aztec wallet to understand the transactions of the deployment first, then to use do some use Aztec wallet to create tokens, create accounts, and interact with the hard coded not contract. And look at its balances. So on so forth. Let's go. Let's go.