 Ok, you are in raspberries? This is 10th of November. raspberries are boring fruit by Indian standards. Then like blue little fruits that you would get in the white growth in India. It is like some very you find in India but something that does not even sell the market. Because, it is too wide, it will type common. It is while playing, I will say number of the call, you would poke it, like these fruits and eat them. The biggest ones are a centipeter diameter. In India, this size would be half of that liquid. Yes, yes, much smaller. I will centipeter diameter. I live in Europe. I am in the last six months, seven months. In the last six months, seven months. That is duration I come to Europe. I will be here. There is no new income. No new weight drops. The ones that I have pulled, prices have dropped further. Yes. World domination, here I come. Doing engineering better than the engineers, but also, but also, pick the problems to solve and do engineering better than the engineers. ZK. I can I gender guard, gender guard, in ZK. Oh, I got shanked, they may be too. Find it all this. We will find the tallest world. Great in AB1 because. Well, I didn't expect, I ended all this. And AB2, I ended all this, but she left her at I've been shanked because I expected more. And well, engagement and feedback, I got appreciated for my no-ten stuff. And well, the project itself, they come out as well as, you know, I would have liked or even worthy of winning, but, but, but, but it's 100,000 reward pool. And for my engagement and all this is 500, dollar is all that I could get. For engagement, okay, that is something. I wonder if everybody who submitted got a hundred dollars for engagement. That's what I think that's what happened. No, I don't know, because they also mentioned it in the blockpost. So, they did it in the last time. So, not everybody got a dollar. So, I think that's what I think. Inventing America, my Gary Willis, Jefferson's declaration of independence. Best and most thorough analysis of the declaration ever written, winner of the National Bookeretics, Circle of Watt, recommended by Kiritik, Sassidharan on Twitter. Who I follow? See some Indian military do. For the majority of strokes could be prevented. I am browsing. From logic dice, it's a startup render. It's a basic render. Actually, good. The story is the co-founder of motion. You want to set up a fund in India, but man, on Twitter I saw this startup something called Curing Circle. So, it's based in Bangalore. So, they are encouraging youngsters, young Indians to build cool stuff. And wow, what's that exciting? Whatever projects they've been building. And all the people who are linked. And they proceed from Niranthke project. Man, are they also awesome? Man, I want to follow them. I want to be in that community. And then I realize, well, I'm a building. Noting. This is noting. Anything that I'm doing is nothing. All right. Yeah, definitely. So, world intimidated by what is right of documentation since yesterday. Start listening to Sir Billious again. Okay. Back to my wallet. My wallet. There is an entry point. And there is an authwith. That's a wallet. That's an account. That's an account. So, I can have a dependency with this scroll. Then I can have a... ...authwith. All right. So, I don't think we have this to be a trivial account. Whatever in your side, let the private key be... ...0x00. And secret can the signing key be 0x01. I can change the signing key. Then one. And there is an entry point. So, storage saves stores in... ...the bookies. In private key. Yeah. And then you basically have a very thick verify signature. So, let's go back to my contract. So, and... ...can't we have that smart contract. It's actually a single sign. So, I just make it 0x00x0. So, I don't know what... ...we have to use the... ...sign key secret key. Then there is that identification... ...matter, we can use the cable cable... ...and the cable mouse. And then you basically have the private key and make the private calls. That's all it's the account. You basically assign to private calls. ...pilot, private payload, and public calls are public payload. And then you find the... ...pilot, public payload... ...ashe, knows... ...this signature, knows. So, I... ...and then something else. That's the account. And then what you do is... ...interpoint is... ...app payload and fee payload. Use dependency, as take... ...relude private context. Use dependency, as take my cross functions. ... ... ...Yeah. What is the micro-stack? ...what is it mean? ...use dependency, as take... ...relude private context. Use dependency, as take... ...the new private context. Use dependency, as take my cross functions. ...Pyweight and new. Use dependency, as take... ...relude private context. Use dependency, as standard, as shadow physics. ...mobile publicly, ex-label public key by. Byweight, function entry point, app payload, fee payload, cancelable, is pool, one-art zero. ...let actions equals account actions in it, and you've context. ...these valid implementation. ...put actions equals account actions in it, ...mutable context is valid implementation. ...contract library method. ...not to drop macro. ...with a fucking interface and why is it related to this data? ... function is in the valid implementation. ...context, mute, private context, outer hash field, is pool is output. ...that witness is a six field. ...the array of field, that 64 field element is unsafe. ...get out witness, outer hash. ...let mute signature, UH64 equals zero 64. ...for I, 232, O64 signature. ...basically, message has to be given to us. ...okay, you have to request from message, you have to ignore the signature. ...and then, send standard, snorkelling, use the signature, ...have used, cordelized signature method. ...now, all right, from use signature, ...standard snorkelling, ...let's complete view by signature. ...oh, here are two bytes, two bytes. ...so that's signature. ...by with functions set up, ...he's string one string two, let's secret key, ...need eight two to the power of five. ...you've shard you for six, so, as one princess too, ...fany key, yeah, so let's see what to be, eros are. ...let's compare this to the n. ...look, can you hear? ...let's do this, eros. ...let's do this, eros. ...and resolve in team path. ...fany. ...so, we can't get there from fun to work. ...mmm. ...okay, now I'm looking right. ...he came in at same. ...I am looking at the account contract tutorial. ...the account action module and the account payload ...stubs necessary inclusions for the unique contract. ...Customizing authorization with in the ease well function. ...lossing snorkelling. ...and snorkelling,) Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh looking at the top of Valeszcze Barよing in the houseopaths will We should apply dieservarial original Okay, let me give them double initialization. Let me show you the dupireal dupireal dupireal dupireal dupireal dupireal dupireal doesn't support strings instead of uses by Tares. And this is a constructed and it also uses And this one // I am willing to change my requirements, my code as long as I have a working customer account contract, which is what I want. Oh no, please don't fix the interest. I don't want to fix the interest error until I explicitly say so. Don't worry about fix the errors I saw I shared. You get errors. You get errors from the code. An DP errors from a large register tool. I see you want to focus on the certificates absolutely. Right Miss Matching Constructor Yeah Not results ringing part yes Right Miss Matching Constructor a conduction-stuyed Miss Match string resolutions looking and the tutorial to share Would you like me to explain what each are known? Yeah No, so We address these errors I have these errors Let's see Diplist Match is only once your lights turn Okay initializer granted Okay, okay, yes Initialize to zero Vныхc Come on guyason Psych of your Diplist Okay, so that's the good, let's sit down. Okay, that's it, we will change this. And it's good, good, good, large 7-8s, difference of the dose. The water is all going to be in fine, though. So we'll rip it out. And this... Yeah, I have these 80s now, 7 errors, different errors now. Oh, I have no errors. Bam, that's it. Now go, combine the errors in the unknown. Okay, now watch. Look at the couriers. And the pitch errors. This doesn't go, I'm going to do, is repalt this contract and put the total is in the contract, too. Oh, that gives... Okay, now go, combine the errors. Okay, now go, combine the errors. Okay, last time, let me run, doesn't go all the way up to the dark. And we're going to complete my call. This does it, perhaps. Okay, I'll fix this. Okay, now go, combine the errors. Let's do something else. The model of the point structures, the decision includes the information that is very important. It's highly recommended by Kuala Mr. Kuala Mr. Kuala, I have understood how to come this time. As far as the difference between Kuala and the condition is less or less. We also need to know how to write a contract, and we're going to see a basic type. I know, I do. I do. I'll be story of moving the right amount of contact, and this is not a matrix of authenticating transaction requests. Every time a transaction payload is passed to this account contract and trip on in function, the account contract requires a valid Snorsey feature to sign messages, matches transaction payload, who signer matches the account contract owner's tabuki. If the signature fails, the transaction will fail for the sake of simplicity. We will hard-core the signing publicly into the contract, but you could store it in a private-not-immutable amount of order in a separate case store. There it is, very simple. Contract. All right, let's start with the account contract itself in a stick.inner. It is a new stick.inner contract project. It will create a file with the code for the account contract, the hard-core of the key. You don't need the initializer. Accounts. Snorsey protocol. You need the authored account account actions. You need the authoredness, get authoredness. You need an enter point. Have payload fee below. Try it. You can nobody change the enter point signature. The important factor is of your terms to maximize and repaying the test result. Choose these and decrease. Theeniz challenge devices. All the points can be defined as this as well. You have to log and load. Choose your selected token So, we can see the middle of the front of the screen. Let's go. We've got a little bit of the screen. We've got the screen. Let's take a look at the screen. Action center point. After the loop you can look at the screen. Yeah? Action center point. Action center point. Action center point. Action center point. So, pivot. I'm going to show it. Action, pivot. Off pivot. Off pivot. Congratulations. That was wonderful. Thanks. Happy holidays to you as well. Thank you. That's great. Like a move ... Let with this circle of six to four for sp14. ... And... this structure, but this is mr. but this will nicely Sender Stau basics The public is trying to find a function. The first function is the same. Okay, the second function. Okay. The second function is the same. The second function is the same. I will take an object. So, this is a key. Okay. This is the first function. Okay. All right. I'll take you. Okay. Okay. This is the first function. I'll put the love in there. Let's see, compile the standard before the current one. And the second function is the first function. My first one is the fourth. Not the third function. Not the third function. Okay. The first function. I'm going to put some things to put in. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put some plastic. I'm seeing you in a good shape. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. What is this? Something. This is two. No projects. I'll check for this error. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. 17. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. I'm going to put in another counter. from here. There are suggest that point empty can't be resolved which likely means either. There is a version much patch between dependencies. The point types ABS changed. Court might be using an older version. Okay, so let's switch to points of 6.1. There it doesn't work. We go to the front portion. Farky doll. Let's take up 6.1. So we go to 6.1. It doesn't work. It doesn't work. Can I go to 0.5.5.9. It doesn't work. It doesn't work. It doesn't work. You will fix this. Okay, we go to 0.59. It doesn't work. It doesn't work. It doesn't work.