 Ok, we continue. In fact, we start with the possession. And you see the second audio? And the first one was yesterday's Sunday. So we started playing. One of the difficulties I am neither going to mind. And it was neatly scowy, we grabbed something. Good fucking guard. The first time I was playing with the sound, And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was just playing with the sound. And I was playing with the sound. All right, all right, all right. and All right, all right. All right. Okay, okay. I'm not going to tell you what I'm talking about. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm not going any other than that. Good. Good. Good. Good. I'm sorry. You can do the call that way. Me. It would be the first one. And since my aunt is not heavy. I feel like we're in a country now. I don't know if I can do that. I'll accept this. This. It's tricky conversation. And she will. The reactions with the. The. So. It's like it. It's like it. It's a. It's a. It's. Yeah. Yeah. Well, alright, alright, alright. Let's go. Let's go. Oh, you're good. Now I want... I want to go fast. This is a good line move. So, I have to buy it working. Come on, let's go to the computer. No, let's go to the computer. Okay, let's back in the workshop. Okay. Okay, there are a few. Get alias, it comes attack. Okay, let's go. What's in this hand? Any time, stamp. Let's see, let's go. One, seven. What does the unit time? It's a really nice stamp. Have to. What is there? Who is the commander? The commander is done now. Come on, let's go. Come on, hold on. Here is. Look how come I'm back. Come on, let's go back. Is that back? Alright, let's go. I don't even care. Okay, I'll find it. Okay, let's go. Okay, let's go. Come on, let's go. Come on. Come on. Come on, let's go back. Okay, let's go. Let's go. Come on, let's go back. And you can't get that in there. Look at this. let's just listen compare u can't get the pulse and funny you I'm stuck in it. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm stuck in it. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. Why do I get this heavy? I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I... OK, I'm done. I'll see you. I'll see you. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Alright. Oh, you'll be the comment. Fix. Challenging now?길imidah. scene into l be of they function. I think. I think I need something to help Giuseppe house. I think I can- San Clerk Killed, Beautiful and Refining through my cone Z attendees of a trying to Why do you say error? Okay, let's see this. Let's see the error, but I'm going to get a data account. Well, well, what is the error? Invalid Augs Provided. Invalid Augs Provided, except it Augs Donation, DoConStruct, operator struct, that line into your, Okay, this is progress, this is progress. How do I fix this? How do I fix this error? Augs Donation, basically. Okay, let's try executing the commands accordingly, and do it in the file list first. Okay, let's go. Let's go work, no. These are the commands. Okay, this. Let's receive Docs, well, it Augs Provided. Again, this is a problem. Let's try to do it directly, but I can't put it in the SSH messages. Uddayal, Uddayal. Is it, let's look at the, the contract again. Let's look at the constructor. We need storage, a Stegatres, a Stegatres, both a Restegatres, and that is correct, and received. So it says, well, so the command I'm executing is to deploy the crowd-pointing contract, and the Augs are for the contract for the initializer, or wrong. I'm not getting it right. So when I'm passing the address, token address, then, then operator address, and then the timestamp, then one happens is, so it says, using wallet with address, works error in command execution, error in valid Augs Provided. It says, expected Augs are, the need shown to construct operator struct, okay, deadline is integer. So it says, it's received wrong, received Augs. It's a shock-shox set, two private temp, something, something, yeah, received Augs. Something attempting to enable SSH agent for holding, invalid Augs Provided, expected Augs, received Augs. Why does it say this? 81C, expected Augs, 0x, 0dc, 0x, 0dc, 0x, 0x, 0dc, 0x, 0dc, so these are the correct addresses for token and operator. So it says, something wrong. Well, so Claude tells me ignore the, to remove the SSH messages, remove the SSH messages, and you should then get your distance in right, where it is, it is fucking hell. Wow, okay, so it was basically the SSH messages web being sent inside the execution, and it was fucking of the arcs there because of that. Well, fuck me, so when you kind removed the SSH messages, then it worked. So, I need to copy this example and put it in my doc. Put it in my doc. All right, fabulous, fabulous. All right. Man, the power of the, of the, of the AI issue, what's going to be humongous. All right, now this, now this, stick with it commands. So I'll say, the play contract, is it play, the play, the current contract, example of ignoring SSH commands, which are missing with the arcs. Mess, which mess, when multiple, but, all right, well, we may progress. Here we are, here we are, and not only the plot goods are solid, I would have fucked it up. Using wallet with address, creating request for registering contract class of me, good good stuff, good stuff, good stuff. Okay, these are the responses. Let's responses from, these are the responses from. These are responses from terminal. And responses from sandbox. Logs. Please explain them to me. Please explain these logs to me. Me, me, me, 133, 133, 133, 133, everything that is 133. Which is this. I'll try to address. Okay, tell me more, please. Oh, deployment. Okay, so if it is compiled, the same contract is the play, multiple times. It's the same contract ID, but different instances. What the deployment contract was deployed with three parameters. Man, through me, not effect, come on. I'd quote as registered on the SDG network. It's not in a good mood. Contract class registration, here you I see you. What is it called, I? Is it mentioned in the contract? My token is EAS, is token, and name is, name is token. And I'm going to use this application now and symbol, EAS, TKN. Yeah, the line time stamp. Generated unique contract address and partial address. Hmm, where are we? Where are we? There are three. There are three. So, I am at the list of programs. This is... I'm 35 minutes into this conversation. Oh, no. That's the next conversation. There are three Quad-rich carries out the Floodpeak-in paperbancers. Look... We're here. So, the speed back pressure... oh, I can go to this, like the picture that gets almost alive... ... I believe it is going to be a lie for a picture that makes it并 Rocかった right now. This time it's a few entering places in this area, but if most people could enter it for the same time, you might think even if they躺 in the hurry up. ball drop Inity I mor on. learn from somewhere, train from somewhere. If, if I became only described, if I fucking used to learn. This one time process for only contract code, but every requirement contact with the employee and keep around this. To address die, the operator and the line time stand, the entity and the contract address and partial address, key to deployment transaction, we need hash. Okay, okay. Contact with deployment transaction, we need hash. Okay. Right, focus on time. What is this going? Yes. Yes. No. No. This is a new term for general defense. The contract initialization for the test. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So it's very difficult to contact with the user and get a requirement test. You might simply ask for a certain request. I'm sure you need to get a requirement. Okay. What do you want to create with the contract, if the same argument I'm talking about? Hello, very good thing that we are here. Okay. So this is still on change. We can use the very first contact test. Okay. Okay. The type generally, okay. One through. The key, the alpha and the same. The alpha and the same. The supply. The alpha and the same. This is a great way to create. Okay. And you know that we put the. We put the. We put a. This chart. Okay. So this has to try to score. Sorry. The. The. What's it called? Clawed. Chad. This title is as thick as much contract for private voting. This update title. But I am in this. I am looking at and executing. Not private voting, but crowdfunding. Now back to the question. What if I want to decide for a meeting contract with the same. And it is. See. For a legitimate. Huh. Uh. Wood. The contract. The. In deployment. Wood. In it. Hey. For the new. Contract. In the. Since. This one. Tr dollars. Third price. This one. And. Yes. Wood. It. And is it. I think it's six twenty trials don't has no teacher. It's casian di. can use a spot contract deployment on the material, when the end of this, we notice these conventions here, and this beautiful design. We don't have any for privacy, and that is where the concept of the picture, that is where we get to see what we see. And the plan is successful here, so I mean it's, I mean, true and trivialized what I'm doing. And this is an enormous free path for a long free path for your approach, and I should definitely document it for the reason. In the future, well, yes, it will be super helpful artifacts for security audits. If you want a security audit, the security of any smart contract deployed onaster, all the things I've been doing in the last week, literally, I mean since this week, basically, in the last seven days, are three in the regular, and the process that I've started, and that is the kind of action that I've done, and I'll be able to do it more, and I'll be going to the more stuff. That is going to be extremely valuable, right? So, it's okay, so I get the answer that I was looking for, right, which is that, to do the one to deploy moves to what we're doing. With the same contract as the same arguments. Again, for HTML reasons, HTML is a good way to create a different image, to extend the plot. For the reason, the smart contract solved this different default is the random value which is added to, and to deploy, to prevent replet attacks. And this serves only in specifically for that reason, right? So, you solved that, that's the equivalent. This is the key of the random stop-up, or the small little picture, so it's a little trick, adding hash, you know, solved basically, right? So, that's what this author, Aztec is a gold mine, Aztec is a gold mine, because of all of these little, engineering tricks that come from the cryptography, and that help us secure any, you know, very granular permissions of visibility of action, of freedom to write a beauty, and that's, it looks something so, so, it came into the technique, technique, technique, you can deploy as a character, and that's what I mean, it's a very interesting thing, that's what I mean, this dot set and way, you know, if it's something i already have told you about, but that can be solved by engineering more detail, but the kind of option, full handy man and so far. I'm very very so strong, very strong. Break me down. Good fucking hours. Transaction and cool. Condos not for tracking content. But stay. This is where the only Auspice building in these arms of the crying. It reminds me of my Calculation in 2003. It was such a such a joyous experience. I was just having fun over two months. And I was actually very very slow. I would write a test for two hours. Then I would check the results for another two hours. Then for two hours, two more hours. In a day. I would look at all the solutions, remaining solutions that I had not attended. And try to solve them and check them with the solutions. And in the process, what I'll also do is, when you guys compare my solution to the first day. And there are times when day after this. Right? There are times when my application. So all of this for one test, one test. Two out there, so that the knock test that I'm doing today. I learned by, you know, so each test I would like to immediately eat out. And I would do a test and I would eat. It was fun. It was fun. So that was the, and then there was a feedback to do with that. So that was, and I probably did this for a month. And then I would eat out on a month and a half. And every day. So I do not have, I write two hours of class at the end of the year. So I would like that, there is not a thing. It's an interesting thing. And then I would pass on one. So my entire focus was in this. And that is what I'm doing here. It takes me to both days. And I want to keep the same discipline because the consequences are higher. And then you need consequences. And then I would stick to the consequences. What can you recommend to these? I'm bigger. Yeah? Because there are thousands of thousands of get-to-one files. And I'm calling it a kind of a kind of physical, Listen to characteristics. And then finally, we've also got a call, If someone says claim on the stadium, I taken some information and it's in theOhnium design. So the new site is such a great area. This is the original image of the stadium. With it being the New York City. Whether I'm loud enough, I need to be even more loud. Let's go back to clock. I am in 48 minutes in 2 days first session. Transaction processing is an integrated lock-down. Water that is doing 2-0. 2-0 can I see what they need to block sir. Water, water, and unclip it. Loss, R. Flubbed with 2. Unclip it contains lots for tracking on trap-states. So these are the locks for tracking on trap-states. Okay, okay, let me look at that. And then come back. Here is the counter-thanking tool. It blocks all the contract race-states. Events are at show. Oh, it shows. You know? So the uncliped locks are the locks that are published everywhere. So the contract registration events are at show. So we are still the crowdfunding contracts by port with our group. Okay, so is it plus ID registration? Yeah, contract plus registration. Correct. This is the counter-contracted by it. So that's an integrated lock-1. Second is contract instance deployment. Locks the succession interaction. Instance creation with the provided parameters. So does this leak any information? Construct instance deployment. Locks the successor. Instance creation with the provided parameters. This is such a fucking joy-eating. This is joy-eating. And joy-eating. So amazingly fun. And this is also a ZK approach on a ZK role. Which means I am working with the assumption that this is harmonious. Everything is supposed to work together. And I will establish something that's supposed to work together. That is what I'm supposed to do. What I'm supposed to do is to double-short. And because they are all harmonious and work together, and it should be easy to get a better idea. harmonious. Yeah, that's what I'm getting. I'm not creating the proof. I'm very fine when they're on the built-in, not creating myself. I'm very fine when they're built. This is the use of the ZK approach on a ZK role. That's why securities is possible. More possible than people think. Wow, I am just pumped. Yeah, so I see what the two uninterpreted locks are. Yeah, yes. My code, the log of the successful instance, yes. So the first is, of course, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the crowdfunding contract register, class registration. Second is, of course, the instance contract instance deployment, a specific instance is deployed. You can see these locks in detail in the sandbox output. Add a contract of funding. This appears twice. Ah, because events. The registration and deployment, you're late. I think that the box that the public is going to visit the, the, the long chats is basically telling me why would I start to new chat. Unfortunately, I was going to miss chat because I have, I have a lot more. To do to do to the chat. All right. So maybe I have one day a week, a show to the star. I'm not really sure the implement. Well. Yeah. So no listings. Can't you do anything on this? Okay. that you will have fabulous look. I'll dive into the series and I'll look at the accuracy of the graphic. Contract class instruction. Yeah, okay. So here I am basically tells me yeah transaction I do pull then after transaction processing transaction process, transaction I do pull contents loss, fee payment process. So this is transaction processing. Yeah, what are these logs? Contain logs for tracking contract state. Are these the same logs as contract class witnesses? Okay. I'll contract instance deployment. No, there are different types of logs. Let me clarify. Quantaclust should be promised loss, you have to uninterpret logs. These are one time logs for contract set of contracts, trade state tracking logs. These are ongoing logs generated during contract operation. Use to track state changes like donation withdrawals. All right, in your contract include events like withdrawal process. Okay. These haven't been generated since the contract was just applied. Events. Employment logs show the, I'm the register registration set up not just state tracking logs. It will come later with contact usage. Oh, I see. I see. What kind of withdrawal process? Hmm. Yeah, this is useful information. I'm happy. Wow. The deeper. Nice. Okay. Contain logs for tracking contract state. Deep payment process block creation. And then, uh, logs for tracking contract state. Hmm. Yeah. The T x transaction contains logs for tracking contract state. Right now there are logs. Oh, I see. Oh. Hmm. Okay. So that is why when you are adding transaction, there are encrypted log count, note entry, a block count, encrypted log count, uninterprepare. Oh, see. So this would add into the state chain learning entry, per block. I know the note, uh, encrypted log count. There's no subtract one for nullifier. A possibility because it goes with the error. Block creation has to execute insert, building block number 12, like X count one transaction into a block 12. So sequences. So this is the sequence operation. After any P x operations and how do I, and are they, do they give some data? Are they any? Any P x, related logs. And if they, uh, how, how, I, I don't eat I them in the logs. Send the box or something like that. Alright, let's nice. Okay, so I'm looking at transaction include log published to a log, go to a contract block confirm you have. Transaction include block 12. The contract is now live and initialized with your specific parameters for token operator and line. Let's go. Ah, is there a pixel? They related logs in your output marked with a stick fixy service. Here they are from, yeah, low, uh, okay. This log showed a P x here. I think, huh. We can see, um, the log, uh, we are in the first, first, who, there, account entry point. In this case, the pack, a pound. And, uh, indication, and the log, related to that. Yeah, oh, yes, oh, um, however, they are clear. Basically, uh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's six here, like, do the transaction, as long as you're given the transaction hash. That means just exceeding the good clicks. That's interesting. That's interesting. That's the quality, now that I still see the line. Okay, this is the T x log. Tell me about this. This is the T x log. Man, am I amazing, what? Had it contract route funding, I did executed local. Yeah, executed local simulation, sending transaction, send transaction, Um, peak C. So, since I had it, peak C, why have I? Had it contract. Oh, my god, purée. No, it's not. No, it's not. That's not it. We'll hold data directly. Okay, now it's telling me, but do I want to look at the transaction now? and a super super who is happy so happy because I found something to do and while I get absolutely the market has created a lot of things that could be like this and the whole distance looked the Delta automating to which is possibly I can shoot through a lot of technical stuff. Probably everything. That is a good man. I'm going to rock it and I'm going to shoot fast. So, I'm going to do this again. And then... Okay. So, what I'm going to do is process a deployment. I look at block-new-shill. I look at block-new-shill. I look at the command. I look at the background. I look at the transaction. And the second thing I want to ask is how much I can last a little frame. Do I get a couple of parameters during... ...to tell logs or in sandbox. Hello. And... Two. Cal. And this one. You got in there. Terminal. Basically, additional. You can... ...what this happened. Uh... All right. That's right. You basically did. I'm going to do it for you. Mm-hmm. And then practically that's it. Yes. Start the sandbox. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh. Now... ...wow. Wow. Oh, come to the stairs. Okay, closer. Come to the stairs. Okay, closer. Come, closer. Okay. Okay. So, that's... Okay. I see. All right. Let's go. Let's go back to the... ...estick and let's look at the logs. The transaction log we can see several key parameters. Contract last registration. I used. I stick. I stick. I stick. Let's get TX and the TX hash. And it's a good to give me a lot more about today's transaction and aprender that is. So, one through that. Using the trot log. You can see that we keep payload elements. Quantetlass. Restoration payload, sequence value three. Contracting, separate value three. And second, log entry. Good I'm not liking. You know... ...work up the knowledge of this using that is... I am going to say in general in the past year, I am going to be there. It is a pretty thing I learned all of the blocks that I learned, all of the information, everything that we learned, it is a goes into future pre-training. And that is a very new slide. How many data are showing and then in that it goes through such a value, such a such a value, resource for myself and I am going to seek a security. servers right now but I am therefore doing the two different reasons. Sodium are only for scenes, and still I don't even have one focus on legion or Anyway, as I друзья garlicped with e Native version of a partner I will have it. It is a security constraint. would不會 I wouldn't be able to go to some accommodation poo? lii' sump해요 I like the jam Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. The transaction now, okay, now we go back to the transaction. Contract, class, registration, payment in the first login. Well, I'll pay some of that for. Contract, class, registration, payment in the first login treat. Contract, class, registration, traffic. Hey, contract, this is the primary payload in the second login treat. Second login treat. Public data rights. designed storage is a license to parentheses. Operator address, the line, 3 valve requires, same funding. on 나가 des public data rights, so I'm still reducing myization. Hmm, should I argue in the middle of already a call? Should I be right? I try that. Maybe for the next time, the next time I start saying that. Not bad. It's already in information that it's big. I'm gonna pick an in the interest of Rachel and I want all the hungry for what information will take me to the information that is by me. I'm gonna go to the hospital. I'm gonna go to the hospital. I'm gonna go to the hospital. I'm gonna go to the hospital. Hmm. So we'll keep it in the distance, one time, so we'll get rid of it in the first one. This is a course, this is style. We'll go to the first car in 3, from the trans-acroner, and then see, so we'll keep it in the next. We'll go to the first car in the first car, and then see, the first demonstration, and the first demonstration of the car, and then we'll see the other car. Okay, let's go. Okay, let's push my daily notes to get up. The link to the audio, why would it get private reports? Should I? Yeah, I think that will be a good one. I think that will be a good one. I think that will be a good one. You can look at this. This is pretty good start. It's pretty pretty pretty, pretty pretty. I'll stop today. I'll see you very well, and push this pain on your neck. That'll help you. That'll help you. Yeah, maybe. Yeah, maybe. Yeah, maybe. Try to make it a strong, but it pushes its body, man. To get up. Okay. You got a boat. You got a boat. Go to my name. On the back. On the back. On the back. On the fly, on the face. You place us in. On the face. As to grab, on the face, very fully plumber. On the face. You got a boat. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah. This is coming with a much more money. What's faster on that? Good, nice. Good fucking long. And I can use the idea to combine it. You'll be fucking me. Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me. Oh. You can use it. I'll just make it my way. So, I'll do it. Fuck. This shit is just wild. Good fucking lord. I can't tell you. This is my new launch of firing today. And because of this, because of where I am at. And the potential that exists. I'm sorry, I'm not recording this. Good fucking god. Okay. Let me go back. And. Yeah. Yeah. Public data rights. All right. So I go back to the transaction document. So much I discovered. There's a debug. Black. Version of the sandbox. Then. Yeah. This is all. Should go to. Go to. Go to my repo. Just a long, long, long document. It's green shots. Should long, red mean. So long. And there's green shot. And so steady. No, no, no, no. And. And so. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. And. So. So. So. So. So. It's. It is college. It這是. is it called distillation? yeah guys call it distillation right and somewhere I remember the distillation. The very significant consequence of fine tuning is now called distillation. Fine and I'll tell you how to use this. So, with the distillation and the carbonation came in and used distillation basically. To find the model for GK. What are you saying? Fuck right there are those English Nelson, Fuck right here low� juntos, fuck. Fuck. Fog. Fog. I mean, it is pre-trained. I mean, it is pre-trained. I mean, it is pre-trained. But I don't know if it is pre-trained. I mean, it is pre-trained. Yeah. I mean, it is a public. So, I mean, it is pre-trained. I mean, it is pre-trained. I mean, it is pre-trained. The worst case is the open model. Like something on the other hand. Yeah. I know. So, it is like either, you know, metas model. The billion, billion, two-ling parameter models. What is the other? The metas model is called Lama. Lama model is the worst case. There are very yellow data in the big model. And I can treat them. Treat them with my own, with the aesthetic related information as to clear. And I can treat them with my own, with the aesthetic related data. And literally every public on this contract I can run through. It is omin it. And I can load it so that the learning is picked up. Like the AI. For reference, each of the chances of everyone. This is a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful idea. Very fun. Very fun. Very fun. And it is public. And it is not, we will not keep it limited to it. I will take that. We will extend it beyond the aesthetic. 2, 2, 2, 2, 2. 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2. SP1 and something to land the works towards. Because the case is open source. You will have a very, very, very good. Critra and AI model. 4. You see, I forgot to take it. You can learn it. Man, this is brilliant. Of course, I can use the little bit of the key for AI. And I believe in questions. Which is by this. This game is written in the written is very small. That we need to be hiding in that. It is quite much hiding in this. But what we call. Man. Woo. Woo. Oh, that's happening here. ACMING Thump MacBook 2 can't stop me crazy G-Wito Crossing Windows Where I first saw my wife, I was crying a night since all that happened. One night before I fell in love with her wife, and then to the Lord I walked around to see her. Oh man, it attracted me. FOOK! Yeah, the potential is huge. We will see how much eye can execute how much. And then keep it open source. So somebody else has a better way of making a better approach. They can, they can, and they can. Yeah? That is correct. And in the process, I get the long ZK. Let's go. Yeah, the potential is huge. The constraint here is me. My energy level is that's it. It's not normal intelligence. It's a planetary level so I work the constraint on. What is my mental capability? All right. Just go. I'm not going to get stuck in the front. I need to focus back on transactions. I mean, the extent that I thought was just to document that this, this AM models. So the pre-training can be done for ZK. So this workflow, which is documenting every day, which is rude me, which is a creation of artifacts. Every day, GitHub, uploading the latest education, and then it will be hard to plot that parts into that facts. I'm going to plug the upload view. I'm going to plug the upload view. Yeah? Video view and the task is shown there. And the artifacts like what it just picked, like the sandbox has steam and option. So that is another, that is an addition to the AI. So that's, similarly, there is a rich share of information learning that is uploaded. That, you know, says, if we are, then that keeps finding the idea I wanted. And it's a lot more modern. And what happens is that it's a, once it's free-fined or just a, this student. You can have a smaller model, in crowning, you know, inference machine. And when then it can ask an answer to the questions like, well, what to do, much, much, much better information. Well, for my own use, and what happens is that I use it, and then, of course, get these artifacts on the business. And so I'm just going to put the loading show up on some of the regressionness, this progress. And that's what I'm thinking, like, I'm thinking, like, basically, we're going to, and this is why I work in my entire journey. And it can look, it's, it's, it's, it's good, and then I can look at it up because inference machine, some, for some day I used to use a chat. Aha, right? And then anybody, to use chat, right? So then then keeps up with that step, because well, you are using and you keep yourself updated, I can go through everything in a state. And go through a photography, how, how, how, how, everything. Every aspect of it. And I can, and then what you know what you see is there's a consequence. Yes, it's a very clear, called, asked it, and then you can extend it beyond asked it. To, to receive, to, to, to, to the others, in the, in the, in the mean time, like I can, you can get a grant from asked it, but also, So learning process that can, the, and, as, as, as, yeah, it's only full source. So then, and then, and it's full state for anybody to use, yeah. So then I create a grant, and so then, I use it. And of course, it can be specificity, it can be, for, you know, one job places and stuff, because it goes to, right? So if you are a security, and this time you can move all, you know how to do the last, right questions, and then you can just, uh, And then we, they, and it turns out that, uh, Jeremy hovers lessons that I'm going to take, and from 36th, that will help me in this, yes. So, uh, it, then it, then it, like, strength, or, uh, is, uh, okay? And, uh, so that is the plan, and then, uh, hopefully beyond that, you'll be, if you can, of metal or flows, where other people can add other stuff. So, this, so, uh, Lama, because there are public source, open source, uh, here, I models, which can be fine tune, like Lama. This is, this is realistic, this is not, the fact that, uh, ZK is open source, almost all of ZK is open source, is, uh, is quite realistic, yeah. So, therefore, this is realistic, that it runs, uh, literally, everything in ZK, and really, you know, high quality, uh, you know, up, scaling, uh, input for people and making, yeah. That is the whole potential of this, uh, this exercise that I am in, you know, you will see, we will see, but right now, you know, you know, it's interesting, what I just realized is, I must be a bit of dupe, uh, with, uh, where I upload daily files, you know, where I commit and upload daily files, uh, of my loved ones, yeah. And then, I can do multiple things with it. Uh, cover, be also daily audio recordings, yeah, or call the, uh, of all the, of all the videos, and, um, hmm. So, and then, um, yeah, I upload that as well, and then it turns out that, uh, they end up, we, I can actually publish that as, uh, something like, okay, some, you know, put it all together, and actually make it, uh, good, huh? And then, before, flow, yes. Hmm, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's, uh, something that I can do, right? I've been looking at it. Let's go then, yeah, let's go. Let's go. Man, I can use the, uh, to transcribe all the audio files that I've already, uh, created in the last week, 10 days, yeah, and, uh, music to summarize. Yes, true, absolutely. Uh, I'm gonna do a little bit of it, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, yeah, because it's worth it, it's worth the money spending. Hmm. Yeah, let's see, let's go. Oh, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Yeah, let's start this work, look, and let's, uh, let's work, and let's do this work, and let's do this work, and let's go. You can follow what's going on, as long as that is the case. Very similar. Yeah. Okay, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. And I can just normally die, and I can do this, we can forecast AI created forecast, where it dies into, and explores various stuff in Nastic, and I can publish it. And I'll share it. For Nastic to send out. Yeah, okay, going back to, that is what I want to document. So weekly artifacts for the Aztec Discord are going to happen. Now, way back to transactions. You can quite excited, and it's a well, talk about, it's just, it's decent, well, time spent, as soon as spent 20 minutes on this, yes, not bad. Let's go back, it's worth it, it's worth it. And then it, this model can be used for security people, my, by builders, by various different folks, yeah. You'll figure out, and I also have the talent, base, yeah, which is I did, really. And that research group there can actually do research. And in the spirit of, well, ZKB, open source, this stuff, we also, we also, we also, we open source. Man, this is cool, I mean, yeah, as I said, the constraint is going to be my energy, not even my intelligence, my energy, and my, my focus, yeah, the strategy, my focus. As you go, I, what do the I do will be opinionated to be open source, if you have different arts arts and ideas, you can fork it into your own stuff, yeah. Happy to, happy to be there. Alright, so I'm looking at contract class register, and then what it does is it registers the contract class, contract instance, the lawyer, public data rights, leaf, leaf, dead, what is this leaf business, leaf something, something, leaf something, leaf something, dead, leaf something, because, this is the leaf, then hash equals dead, so this is the leaf of work, this is public data rights, right. The transaction, which means this has been mined, class count for any class for funding, contract class, so we look at the, the law also, we see the transaction, there are bunch of leaves, which is basically public data rights, then there is, there is a bunch of deployers, block detailed fees, contract class register, it's, zero, zero, zero, three, okay, and then followed by a big hash, then there is contract instance, the lawyer, which is zero, zero, two, which is, it's, it's, it's a second, maybe, the lawyer, two, so it's, it's true, and then there's a very large hash, I don't know what that is. In this public rights, a bunch of leaves, leaf, leaf, leaf, then the nullifiers, transaction hash nullifier, so hash nullifier, yeah, in the class, and there is a class nullifier, class route funding class, register nullifier, then there is a contract nullifier, yeah, it means that contract has been registered, which is the unique signature for that contract class, the unique signature for the contract instance is registered, so there is nullifier, then there is a contract crowdfunding, initialized by an nullifier. Contract class registration payload in the first login tree. I had a thought that well, little in here, tricks are so neat, like I mentioned, the trick of having a salt deployment salt, so that there is a very granular, you know, randomness, downward control, facilitated, made possible by randomness, necessary for the hospitality, for the, for the, for the, for the, for the, for the, for the hackers, and then, you have across, then, what you have is, you have, you have, you have, by and then, because of this, and there, there must be, like, I've seen a few, you know, especially in the privacy, given app level encryption keys, oh sorry, here encryption keys, app level, method level, user level, encryption keys, which, which, although, you know, read control or write control on a user, which is my data that I can give to anybody, then he methods, any users, and very granular control, so this are all, and that is also very, very clever engineering trick, yeah, using cryptography. So, the bigger thought that I had here was that, and then, you know, is, when, why do we have such large numbers in cryptography, you know, 256, 256, full bit numbers, yeah, 0.1s, which is let's say, then the numbers are larger than the number of, you know, the number of algorithms, the numbers starts in the universe and stuff like that, and some views number, why do we need them, because well, what that's what this enabled, is very, very, very, very large numbers, they enable this very, very granular level of control, where randomness, where cryptography, and also, by avoiding collision, you don't want, yeah, you are, you see, so that's how you, that's how you, the, the, the real world, hmm, from the transaction log, hmm, okay, I see this, there are these, there are these, there are, there are second log, so it's a payload, ah, hunter class register, payload, oh, so what I saw there was payload, on, right, class register, payload, ah, so the, after class register, what I saw was the payload, so it is the data, for the contract class, then after class register, the prior one is the payload, the contract, so this is, this is, this is, public data rights, which is all the neatly, neatly, for a showing storage installation, token address, public data rights showing storage initialization, token address, 0 x dash s dash, d89 d, where is it, is it in the lead, it in the, it in the, it in the, it in the, ah, there is, there is, there is, there is, there is, so I see, so wherever it is dead, it means there is nothing, it put that in some lead, the contract, hmm, token address, it put the operator address in a certain place, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm. hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm. hmm, so hmm, hmm. hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, storage installation, fireblast, fireblast, storage rights, public data is, so these are the public data rights. So it's basically a tree. And how many leaves to there? Leave one, leave two, leave three, leave four, leave five, leave six leaves. What the fuck? Six leaves? Out of that three leaves are empty, three are empty. Empty, empty, empty, empty, empty are empty out of six. Here, here empty, all six, okay. So each one, it creates two trees, two trees. It's a binary tree. Storage, public storage. Quadrat. Quadrat. See, this is such fabulous information. Hmm. Deadline, three nullifiers can form, glass registration. Huh? Where are the three nullifiers? Ah, yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes. Glass registration, contract deployment, and contract initialization. What's contract initialization? Hmm. Yeah, contract initialization. Contract registered, contract deployed. Ah, that sort of registered means registered means, contract, class, class registered. Then deployment. Then, there is contract crowdfunding. Initialized by nullifier. 0x, 2, and 6, 4. Well, what if I want to see the account payload related logs? Well, I want us that we see, can we see the account payload related logs already? 147. Not bad, not bad. This is good use of time. Making progress here. Crowdfunding class registered, were nullifier, contract crowdfunding. Fabulous, fabulous. Every day we come, every day we get up tonight, I'm gonna be there. Hmm. My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my. All right, contract. In class. Yeah, so nullifiers, transaction hash nullifier, class nullifier, contract nullifier. And initialized, when nullifier. Okay, not if they're full nullifiers, huh? Three nullifiers. There's a transaction nullifier too. God, how many? It's a, it's a, It should be a number, hashes, say, the nullifiers. How many zeros and ones, it is all right. The least, nullifiers, the least, then, just storage right. And then, the deflier hash, the deflier, the deflier, the deflier payload, the registration payload. And that's the time, that you use, payload. Hmm. I guess上面 Hostress, let me choose. The applied number and applied payload register number and register payload.Detest off the line. You can see our object and usually you dont have the gate right there. P 12 mm large Rodrigues leaves paper tracked clowns contact address group to 6 bits. Apply a red strip yellow. Very blend by code. Apply a red strip yellow. We give them a yellow strip yellow. Consection hash. It's all a bit because it's still just blocked. It's mostly for the last step as we do by the field. It's still a bit too much. Let's make that a bit. So I've got the close on your because I've got a loop break. See you.