 November 9th, well... I got appreciated by Z. Pedro on the 1-alpha-bill-2 write-up. That is... Yeah, which is cool. Makes me feel good. He appreciated... Today is Sunday morning. Overlooking the sea. You can hear the sea in the background. You can see a boat in front of me. Not too sunny. A little bit overcast. It rains. It rained yesterday. The sea is a little choppy. Not ideal for swimming. You want it to be more sunny than overcast like this. 10.15 am of a Sunday morning, 10th of November. 2024. Well, Z. Pedro of Aztec appreciated my write-up on the Discord. All right. We proceed with the documentation. . . . . . CARDIGO ORGANIZATION CONTLAsexperts mosfilm. Okay, what are smart contracts? Why documentation? Why the fuck? Go through Aztec documentation. Why? Why? Oh, yesterday the fucking struggles looking for what code to use. Well, I arrived here. I did not start here. I arrived here. Because the quick ways of using cursor and cloud to explain code to me, they did not work and I got lost looking for the right documentation. Cloud has, sorry, cursor, has the Docs feature where you can upload or links a certain doc for the project So that you're interested in I did link Aztec Docs and more docs and it failed to even find the right pages. It found pages. It put the URL for me to relevant ones for the errors I was facing. And I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Defining. Yeah, so I arrived here. I did not start here. So because it showed me, Kursvardhan showed me some documents. I tried to follow the links. And from the documentation relevant to my errors, I tried to follow the links. Well, the links failed. And this was after first initially trying to get Cursor and Astro AI to write the custom smart contract, custom account contract that I was interested in. And then trying to get the help of cloud also for this. I got a contract, custom contract, NOAA contract, Astro.nr, which I, tried to compile. I got some errors. So then trying to resolve those errors. So it firstly, just asking these AI did not work. Second, just, yeah, it's fixing these errors did not work. Second is, people had the so there was error finder error On hasted notice. Oh my god. And then after a look, to understand Things start to look like this, So Or visit my website at webhub.com. Cast link, rather than relying on the AI for that. So when I tried to do that, well, the document URL that a cursor provided me, that it had passed the documentation after... After it passed the documents, and then it gave me the URL, the URLs were wrong. I landed somewhere else. Then I searched on GitHub for both document, basically the documentation, you know, what are the right files, folders? Is it a stick hyphen NR directory, or is it a, you know, a, you know, a different one? Is it a... Is it a... Yeah. . Yeah. . Does it handle... . Does it handle what the... What I'm interested in? All right. So the links. So therefore, then I started searching GitHub. So there were two Aztec NR libraries. Sorry. Yeah. I mean, reports. One is the main... So it's from Aztec... The main directory is this. So that is one. The second... The second is as a part of Aztec packages. All right. So I... So there... But the readme was the same, but the readme was wrong. So I basically tried to follow the instructions in readme, which is mainly nargo.ml dependencies. That was wrong. So, well, that didn't go anywhere. Then I tried to do something else. It didn't work. Okay. Then I... So that... And also it gave me this instruction for finding the right noir dependency. Basically, there was a command which you used on the node, Aztec node, to retrieve the latest... Something. All right. So... Yeah. Retrieved the latest something. The latest compatible noir version, nargo. So, well, it didn't work. Fuckin' hell. And it threw an error from the terminal. So that didn't... I didn't use it. So I had to check all the versions. I tried 0.61, 0.62. And... And... And... And... Noir version, well, I updated to the latest, which is 0.36 as of now. And the... Also, Aztec I updated to the latest version, which is 0.62. All right. There's the other thing about, okay, how to compile. Do I use Aztec nargo compile? It throws me. And does it do try nargo compile? So what happened... I mean, both work. One of them throws errors. Nargo compiled through errors. And Aztec nargo compile also through errors. The same thing with tests. Do I try Aztec hyphen nargo test? Well, it did run the... It did start executing the test, but it threw up error. Whereas if I tried Aztec hyphen space test, Aztec test, it worked. The test ran. I mean, in a different context where the tests are directly... So there are all these options. Third is... Okay. So noir up, Aztec up, and the latest, this that I wanted, and the version that I wanted. And the nargo2ml pointed to master, as was mentioned in the Aztec NR library. So it fucked up. And that was not right. You know, you want to mention the version. And it's... So the import nargo, the dependencies, way of declaring dependencies in nargo.2ml was not right. So then I reverted back to this. So what documentation, from where, what to refer? All right. So I couldn't find... Okay. If I had... Okay. These are the errors. And I was told, okay, go through this documentation, document one, document two, document three, document four of the documentation. Read up. And then you can solve these errors. All right. But that also failed. So the first approach was get AI to address these errors, make code changes. Well, that was just going in loops. Across all three. Cloud AI. Aztec Docs AI. And also cursor. So across all three. With the documentation, without documentation, it was going nowhere. The errors continued. Errors increased. So on and so forth. And then the second thing was, okay, look at this. I'm looking at the documentation. So it's getting the... Trying to find the right documents to read to solve these errors. That failed. Well, I search... Aztec Docs AI has a search field. So I tried to do that. So what happens is it brings in a lot of links from the references. So the resources, so additional resources, there is a protocol spec. And that has reference to that... That refers to everything. And therefore, many of the search resources are not available. So that's why it's not available. The most important results are from the protocol specs, which are very technical and which are not for the builder. If you want to dig deeper, you use protocol specs. Otherwise, you don't look at protocol specs. So that is the other thing about search, Aztec search. All right. All right. Okay. Let's see. So let's do a ... Let's go to halfway through the setup. D Sponge does want to get along with énormément of questions here and apply this. All right. My paper's proof, Adam. All right. Yeah. I see you on your first page. All right. But finally, I said, let's read the documentation from the beginning. So I'd always avoided the first page, which is the concepts. Well, it did not have ready answer, direct answers for me right now. But then started reading accounts. And I came there via the documentation link. I opened Aztec account contract example to implement. And then it said, have you read accounts concept? So I went to accounts concept. It was the first page. So then I started reading this thing. And man, it was so good. Because after having tried, you know, first in Aztec wallet, alpha build. And then right now, because I'm trying to build a custom contract after alpha build 2, custom contract that uses private email and password, okay, as inputs. It's a little bit more expensive. Yeah, because now I want to implement it, and I was going nowhere, and then it resonates so hard. So I read the entire documentation yesterday from accounts all the way to the entire first section of the document, which is all the concepts, which is from accounts to the circuits before that transactions before their storage everything everything everything all the way till kernel circuits and roll-up circuits so that's all the concepts I read all the concepts that was very good because well I think I've got a lot of mental models now to even to address code that is where I am so I just want to go through with the rest of the concepts first page concepts in the docks so therefore I am avoiding sequencer for now I hope it doesn't come back to bite me but I can always come back sequencer I am avoiding but what are smart contracts okay so that that's the second part I want to go through today you